zouave zuavog
zoophyte zoofitog
zoology zoologiog
zone terzonog
zodiac zodiakog
zinc-worker zinkistog
zinc zinkog
zigzag zigzagog
zest gustog
zero nulog
zephyr ventetog
zenith zenitog
zebra zebrog
zealous fervorag
zealot fervorulog
zeal fervorog
zany ŝercemulog
yule kristnaskog
youthfulness junecog
youthful junag
youth junulog
youngster junulo—inog
younger plijunag
young junag
you vi
yonder tie
yoke jugog
yew taksusog
yet tameng
yesterday hieraŭg
yes jesg
yelp hundblekig
yellowish dubeflavag
yellow flavag
yell kriegog
yell kriegig
yeast panfermentilog
yearning dezirego—adog
yearn deziregig
yearly ĉiujarag
year jarog
yea jes
ye vig
yawn oscedo—adog
yawn oscedig
yarn lanfadenaĵog
yard kortog
yacht ŝipetog
wry tordag
wroth koleregag
wrongly malrajte
wrongfully malrajteg
wrong malpravag
wrong malpravecog
writing-table skribotablog
writing skribaĵog
writer skribistog
write skribig
wrist manradikog
wrinkle sulkigig
wriggle tordi
wretched mizerag
wretch malbonulo
wrestler baraktistog
wrestle baraktig
wrest tiregig
wrench ektiregig
wren regolog
wreckage derompaĵog
wreathe plekti
wreath garlandog
wrathful koleregag
wrath koleregog
wrapper kovrilog
wrap faldi
wrangle disputado
wrangle disputi
wrack fukog
wound vundig
worthless senvalorag
wort mostog
worsted malvenkitag
worship adoro—adog
worship adorig
worry enuo
wormwood absintog
worm-shaped vermoformag
worm vermog
worldly mondag
world mondog
workmanship metiistartog
workmanlike lertag
workshop metiejo
workbox necesujog
workman laboristo
worker laboristog
work laborig
wordiness babilaĵog
woolly lanecag
wool lanog
woof teksaĵog
wooer amisto
woodpecker pegog
woodhouse lignejog
woodcutter arbohakistog
woodcock skolopog
wood arbaretog
woo amindumig
wonted kutimag
wonderful mirinda—egag
wonder mirego
wonder mirig
womb uterog
woman virinog
wolf lupog
woful ĉagrenega
woe veg
wizard sorĉistog
witty sprita
wittiness spritecog
witticism spritaĵog
witness atestantog
witness atestig
withstand kontraŭstari
without seng
within en
withhold fortirig
wither velki
withdrawal reenpaŝog
withdraw eliĝig
with kun
witchcraft sorĉo—artog
witch sorĉistinog
wit spritulog
wit spritog
wistful pensantag
wish volo
wise saĝa
wisdom saĝo
wire metalfadenog
wipe viŝig
wintry vintrag
winter vintrog
winter travintrig
winnow ventolig
wink palpebrumig
wing flugilog
wine vinog
windy ventag
windpipe traĥeog
window fenestrog
windlass turnilog
winch turnilog
wince ektremig
win gajnig
wily ruzag
willy-nilly vole-nevoleg
willow salikog
willingly volonteg
will-o'-the-wisp erarlumog
will testamentog
wilful obstinag
wile ruzog
wilderness dezertog
wild sovaĝag
wig perukog
wife edzinog
wield manpreni
width larĝecog
widowhood vidvecog
widower vidvog
widow vidvinog
widen plilarĝigig
wide larĝag
wicker salikaĵog
wicket pordetog
wickedness malvirteco
wicked malvirta
wick meĉo—aĵog
why kialg
whose kiesg
whom kiung
wholesome sanigag
wholesale pograndeg
whole tutog
whole tutag
who kiug
whizz siblig
whitsuntide pentekostog
whither kieng
whitish dubeblankag
whiting merlangog
whiten blankigig
white blankag
whit porcietog
whist vistog
whistle fajfig
whistle fajfilog
whisper murmurog
whisper paroleti
whiskers vangharojg
whisk fojnbalaog
whirlwind turnoventog
whirlpool turnakvog
whirl turniĝadig
whir turniĝadig
whip vipog
whip vipig
whinny ĉevalbleketog
whine ploreti
whimsical kapricag
whimper ploretig
whim kapricog
while dumg
whiff subitventetog
which kio
whey selaktog
whether ĉug
whet akrigig
wherry barketog
wherefore kialg
where kieg
when kiamg
whelp ido
wheelwright radfaristog
wheelwork radarog
wheelbarrow puŝveturilog
wheel radog
wheedler delogistog
wheedling karesa
wheedle karesi
wheat tritikog
wharf enŝipigejog
whalebone balenostog
whale balenog
wet malsekag
wet malsekigig
westerly okcidentag
west okcidentog
wench knabulinog
wen tuberog
welter enŝlimiĝig
well-wishing bonvola
well-spring fonto
well-nigh preskaŭg
well-mannered bonmanierag
well nug
welfare bonstatog
weld kunforĝig
welcome bonvenag
welcome bonvenog
weigh-bridge pesilegog
weighty pezag
weight pezilog
weight pezog
weigh pezig
weft teksaĵog
weep plorig
week semajnog
weed sarkig
weed malbonherbog
wednesday merkredog
wedlock edzecog
wedge kojnog
weaver teksisto
weave teksi
weathercock ventoflagog
weather veterog
weary laca
wearisome enua
weariness enuo
weapon batalilog
wealthy riĉegag
wealth riĉecog
weal feliĉecog
weakness malfortecog
weaken malfortigig
weak malfortag
we nig
wayward memvolag
wayfarer vojirantog
waver ŝanceliĝi
wavelet ondetog
wave agiti
wave ondog
waterproof nepenetreblag
watering-pot verŝilog
water-tank akvujog
water-spout trombog
waterfall akvofalog
water-colour akvopentraĵog
water-closet necesejog
watery akvag
water akvog
watchword signaldirog
watchman observistog
watchful atentema
watch observi
wasteful malŝparemag
waspish malĝentila
wasp vespog
washstand lavtablog
wash-house lavejog
washerwoman lavistinog
wash lavig
wary atenta
wart verukog
warrior militistog
warren kuniklejog
warrantable pravigeblag
warning avertog
warn avertig
warmth varmecog
warm varmag
warm varmigig
warlike militamag
warfare bataladog
warehouse provizejo
wardrobe vestotenejog
warder gardantog
warbler pepulo
warble pepig
war milito—adog
wanton malicag
want seneco
wanness palecog
wane ekfiniĝig
wandering nomada
wanderer nomadulo
wander erari
wand vergo
wan pala
waltz valsog
walrus rosmarog
walnut juglandog
wallow ruliĝi
wallet sako
wall murog
walk marŝi
wake vekig
waiter kelnerog
wait atendig
waistcoat veŝtog
waist taliog
wain ŝarĝveturilog
wail ploregi
waggoner veturigisto
waggish ŝercag
wages salajrog
wager vetog
wag ŝerculog
waft flugportig
wafer oblatog
wade akvotrairig
waddle balanciĝi
wadding vato
wobble ŝanceli—iĝig
vulture vulturog
vulnerable vundeblag
vulgate latina
vulgarity vulgarecog
vulgarise vulgarigig
vulgar vulgarag
voyage vojaĝo
vowel vokalag
vow dediĉi
voucher garantio
vouch garantii
vote voĉdoni
vortex turnakvo
voracity englutecog
voracious englutemag
vomitory vomilog
vomiting vomadog
vomit vomig
voluptuousness voluptecog
voluptuous voluptemag
volunteer memvolulog
voluntary memvola
voluminous multdikag
voluble babilema
volcanic vulkanag
volcano vulkanog
vol-au-vent pasteĉog
volatilise vaporigig
voice voĉog
vocation profesio
vocalist kantistog
vocal voĉag
vocabulary vortaretog
vizier vezirog
vixen vulpinog
vivifying vivigag
vivacity vivecog
vitriol vitriolog
vitrify vitrigig
vitreous vitrecag
vitiate difektig
vitality vivemog
vital necesegag
vital vivemag
visual vidag
visor vizierog
visitor vizitantog
visiting-card vizitkartog
visit vizitig
visibly videbleg
visible videblag
viscuous gluantag
viscera internaĵog
vis-a-vis kontraŭulog
visage vizaĝog
virus venenog
virulent venena
virtuoso virtuozog
virtuous virtag
virtue virtog
virility virecog
virile virag
virgin blessed
virginity virgecog
virginal virgag
virgin virgulinog
viper viperog
violoncellist violonĉelistog
violoncello violonĉelog
violinist violonistog
violin violonog
violet violog
violent perfortag
violence perfortog
violation malrespektog
violate malrespektig
vintner vinvendistog
vintage vinrikoltog
vineyard vinberejog
vine-stock vinbertrunkog
vine-branch vinberbranĉog
vinery vinberejog
vinegar vinagrog
vine-culture vinberkulturog
vine vinberujo—arbog
vindictive venĝemag
vindication pravigecog
vindicate pravigig
villainous malbonegag
villain kanajlog
villager vilaĝanog
village vilaĝog
villa domo
vileness hontindaĵog
vile malnoblag
vigour fortegecog
vigorous fortegag
vignette vinjetog
vigilant viglag
view vidig
vie konkurig
victuals manĝaĵo
victory venkog
victorious venkintag
victor venkantog
victimise suferigig
victim suferantog
vicissitude sortovicog
vicious malvirtag
vicinity proksimeco
viceroy vicreĝog
vice malvirtog
vicarage paroĥestrejog
vicar paroĥestrog
viburnum viburnog
vibrate vibrig
vibrant multesonag
viands viando
vial boteletog
viaduct vojpontog
vexation ĉagrenog
vex ĉagrenig
veto vetoo
veteran malnovulog
vestry preĝejoĉambrog
vestment vestaĵog
vestige postsignog
vestibule vestiblog
vest veŝto
vessel vazo
vespers vespera
vesicle veziketog
very treg
vertigo kapturnog
vertical vertikalag
vertex supro
vertebral vertebrag
vertebra vertebrog
verst verstog
version tradukog
versifier versistog
verse versog
vermouth vermutog
vermin insektojg
vermilion cinabrog
vermifuge kontraŭvermaĵog
vermicelli vermiĉelog
verity verecog
veritable verag
verily vereg
verify verigi
verger pedelog
verdure verdaĵog
verdigris verdigrog
verdict juĝog
verdant verdantag
verbosity parolegecog
verbose parolegemag
verbiage babilaĵog
verbena verbenog
verbal parolag
verb verbog
verandah balkonog
veracity verecog
veracious veremag
venturous riskag
venture riskog
venture riskig
ventriloquist ventroparolistog
ventilator ventolilog
ventilate ventolig
vent-hole ellastruog
vent ellasog
venomous venenag
venom venenog
venison ĉasaĵog
venial pardoneblag
vengeance venĝog
veneration respektegog
venerate respektegig
venerable respektindag
vend vendig
venal aĉeteblag
velvet velurog
velocity rapidecog
velocipede velocipedog
vellum velenog
veined vejnag
vein vejnog
veil vuali
vehicle veturilog
vehement perfortag
vehemence perfortecog
vegetation kreskaĵadog
vegetate vegetig
vegetable-garden legoma
vegetable legomog
veer turni
veal bovidviando
vaunt fanfaronig
vault arkaĵog
vat kuvegog
vast vastag
vassalage vasalecog
vassal vasalog
vaseline vazelinog
vase vazog
vary diversig
varnish lako—aĵog
varnish lakig
various diversag
variola variolog
variety diversecog
variegated multkolorag
variegate multkolorigig
variation diverseco
variable ŝanĝeblag
vapourous vaporag
vapour vaporog
vaporise vaporigig
vaporisation vaporigog
vapid sengustag
vanquisher venkantog
vanquish venkig
vanity vanecog
vanish neniiĝig
vanilla vanilog
vanguard antaŭgvardiog
vane ventoflagog
van veturilegog
valve klapog
valueless senvalorag
valuation takso
valuable multekostag
value valorog
valse valsog
valour bravecog
valorous bravag
valley valog
valise valizog
valid leĝag
valiant bravag
valet lakeo
vale valetog
vainly vaneg
vague malprecizag
vagrant vagistog
vagary kapricog
vagabond sentaŭgulo
vacuum malplenaĵog
vacuous malplenag
vacillating ŝanceliĝag
vacillate ŝanceliĝig
vaccinate inokulig
vacation libertempog
vacate forlasig
vacant neokupatag
vacancy malplenaĵog
utterly tuteg
utterance ekparolog
utter ekparolig
utopian utopiag
utopia utopiog
utmost ekstremag
utility utilo—ecog
utilise utiligig
utensil uzaĵo
usury procentegog
usurper uzurpulog
usurpation uzurpo—adog
usurp uzurpig
usurer procentegistog
usufruct ĝuadog
usually kutimeg
usual ordinara
uselessness senutilecog
useless senutilag
useful utilag
use uzig
usage uzo—adog
us ning
urn urnog
urinal urinejog
urine urinog
urgent urĝag
urge urĝig
urchin bubog
urbane ĝentilag
urban urbag
upstart elsaltulog
upstairs supreg
upshot rezultatog
upset renversi
uproot elradikigig
uproar bruego
uprightness rekteco
uprightly rekte
uplift altlevig
upholsterer meblisto
uphold subtenig
upbraid mallaŭdi
unyoke maljungig
unworthy malindag
unwonted nekutimag
unwittingly senintencag
unwise malsaĝag
unwillingly kontraŭvole
unwieldy multepeza
unwholesome malsana
unwell malsanag
unwavering neŝanceliĝag
unwary malsingardemag
unveil malkovrig
unusual neordinara
unused neuzitag
untrue malverag
untrammeled liberag
untoward kontraŭag
untiring senlaciĝag
untimely antaŭtempa
until ĝisg
untie malligig
untamed sovaĝag
unstable ŝanĝemag
unsociableness nesocietamo—emog
unskilful mallertag
unsightly malbelegag
unshaken firma
unseemly malkonvenag
unsearchable neserĉeblag
unseal sensigeligig
unsalable nevendeblag
unsafe danĝerhavag
unsaddle senseligig
unruly malĝentilag
unruffled trankvila
unroof maltegmentig
unroll malruli
unrestrained nedetena
unreserved nerezervag
unremitting senĉesag
unrecognisable nerekoneblag
unravel maltordig
unquiet malkvietag
unpublished neeldonitag
unproductive senfruktag
unprincipled malhonesta
unpretending neafektema
unpleasant malplaĉag
unpardonable nepardoneblag
unpack elpakig
unoccupied neokupata
unnerve malkuraĝigig
unnatural kontraŭnaturag
unmask senmaskigig
unman malkuraĝigig
unload senŝarĝig
unlimited senlimag
unlikely neverŝajnag
unlawful malpermesita
unknown nekonata—itag
unjust maljustag
university universitatog
universe universog
universal universalag
unite unuigi
unit unuog
unique sola
union unuigo
uninhabited senhomag
unify unuigig
uniformity simileco
uniform unuformag
unification unuigog
unicorn unukornulog
unhurt sendifektag
unhook malkroĉig
unheeded nezorgitag
unhealthy malsanag
unhappiness malfeliĉecog
unhappy malfeliĉag
unhandy mallertag
unguent ŝmiraĵog
ungrateful nedanka
ungodly malpiag
ungainly mallertag
unfurnish senmebligig
unfurl malfaldi
unfruitful senfruktag
unfrequently malofteg
unfortunate malfeliĉag
unforeseen neantaŭviditag
unfilial nefilag
unfeigned sincerag
unfeeling sensentag
unfavourable malfavorag
unfasten malligig
unfaithful malfidelag
unexpressed neesprimitag
unexpectedly neatenditeg
unexpected neatenditag
uneven neebena
unerring neerara
unequal neegalag
unendurable nesufereblag
unemployed senokupag
uneasy maltrankvilag
uneasiness maltrankvilecog
unearthly supernaturag
undulation ondoliniog
undulating ondoliniag
undulate ondoliniig
undo malfarig
undisciplined malobeemag
undignified malindag
undesigned senvola
underwrite garantiig
undertaking entreprenog
undertake entreprenig
understanding intelektog
understand komprenig
underscore substrekig
underrate malestimig
undermaster submajstrog
underline substrekig
underlie subtavoli
underhand sekreta
underground subterag
undergo suferig
undaunted neintimigitag
uncultivated senkulturag
uncious grasag
unction ŝmiraĵog
uncover malkovrig
uncouth malĝentilag
uncork malŝtopig
unconscious nekonsciag
unconnected nekunigitag
unconditional nekondiĉa
unconcerned nezorgemag
uncommunicative nekomunikema
uncommon nekomunag
uncleanness malpurecog
unclean malpurag
uncle onklog
uncivilized necivilizitag
uncivil malĝentilag
unchangeable neŝanĝeblag
unchain elĉenigig
uncertain necertag
unceremonious senceremoniag
unbutton debutonumig
unbroken senintermankag
unbridle senbridigig
unbounded senlimag
unbiased senpartiag
unbeliever malkredulog
unbelief malkredecog
unbecoming malkonvenag
unbearable netolereblag
unbar malbari
unawares senatenteg
unavailing malutilag
unassuming neafektema
unanimously unuvoĉe
unanimous unuvoĉa
unanimity unuanimecog
unalterable neŝanĝeblag
unalloyed nemiksitag
unaffected neafekta
unadulterated nefalsita
unadvisedly malprudenteg
unadorned senornamag
unaccountable neklarigeblag
umpire juĝanto—istog
umbrella ombrelog
umbrage ombraĵog
umbra ombrog
ultramarine ultramarinog
ultimatum ultimatumog
ultimately laste
ultimate lasta
ulterior posta
ulcer ulcerog
ukase ukazog
ugly malbelag
ugliness malbelecog
udder mamog
ubiquity ĉieestog
tyro novicog
tyrant tiranog
tyranny tiranecog
tyrannical tirana—emag
typography tipografiog
typographist preslaboristog
typical modelag
typhus tifog
type tipo
tympanum oreltamburog
two dug
twitter pepig
twist tordig
twinkle briletig
twine ŝnuretog
twin dunaskitog
twig branĉetog
twelve dekdug
tweezers preniletog
twain dug
tutor guvernistog
tusk dentegog
turtle-dove turtog
turret turetog
turquoise turkisog
turpitude hontindaĵog
turpentine terebintog
turnstile turnkrucog
turnspit turnrostilog
turnscrew ŝraŭbturnilog
turnip napog
turner tornistog
turn vicog
turn turnig
turmoil bruego
turkey turkujog
turk turkog
turf torfog
tureen supujog
turbulent tumultag
turbot rombfiŝog
turbid ŝlimag
turban turbanog
tunnel subtervojog
tuning-fork tonforketog
tunic ĵakog
tuneful belsonag
tune agordig
tun barelegog
tumultuous tumultag
tumult tumultog
tumour ŝvelabscesog
tumbrel ŝarĝoveturilog
tumbler glasog
tumble elrenversig
tulle tulog
tulip tulipog
tug posttrenig
tuft tufog
tuesday mardog
tubular tubformag
tuberosity tuberog
tuber tuberog
tube tubog
tub kuvo—etog
tsar carog
truthful veremag
truth vero—ecog
trusty fidindag
trustworthy fidindag
trustful konfidemag
trust konfidig
trumpeter trumpetistog
trumpet trumpetog
trumpet trumpetadig
truly vereg
truffle trufog
true verag
truculent kruelegag
truck manveturilog
truce interpacog
truant kuŝemulo
trowel trulog
trout trutog
trousseau vestarog
trousers pantalonog
trough trogog
troublesome malfacilag
trouble konfuzi
trot troto—adog
trot trotig
tropical tropikag
tropics tropikog
trophy venksignog
trooper rajdistaranog
trombone tromboneg
triviality trivialaĵog
trivial trivialag
triumphal triumfag
triumph triumfig
triturate pistig
trite komuna
trisyllable trisilabog
tripod tripiedog
triple trioblag
tripe tripog
trip vojaĝo—etog
trip faletig
trio triog
trinket juvelo—etog
trigonometry trigonometriog
trigger tirilog
trifling trivialag
trifle bagatelo
triennial trijarag
trident tridentog
tricycle triciklog
tri-coloured trikolorag
trickle gutetig
trick malbonfaraĵog
trick friponig
tribute depagog
tributary depagantag
tribulation doloro
tribe gentog
triangle triangulog
tress plektaĵog
trespass transpaŝo
trepidation tremeco
trencher lignotelerog
trenchant akrag
trench fosaĵog
tremulous trema
tremor tremeto
tremendous grandegag
trembling tremo—adog
tremble tremig
trellis palisplektaĵog
trefoil trifoliog
tree arbog
treaty kontrakto
treatise traktatog
treasurer kasistog
treasure trezorog
treason perfidog
treadle pedalog
tread premi
treacle mielsiropog
treachery perfidecog
treacherous perfida—emag
tray pletog
travesty maskaĵog
traverse trapasi
traveller vojaĝantog
travel vojiri
travail nasklaboro
trapezium trapezog
trapdoor plankpordog
trap kaptig
transverse laŭlarĝa
transpose translokig
transportation transportadog
transport transportig
transplant translokig
transpire konigi
transparency diafanecog
transparent travidebla
transmute aliformigig
transmitter transigantog
transmit transigig
transmission transigog
transmarine transmarag
translator tradukistog
translation tradukog
translate tradukig
transitory rapidag
transition transirog
transit pasadog
transgressor ofendanto
transgression ofendo
transgress peki
transfuse transverŝig
transformation aliformigog
transform aliformigi—iĝog
transfix trabori
transfigure aliformigig
transfer transloki
transcribe transskribig
transaction interkonsentog
tranquility trankvilecog
tranquilise trankviligig
tranquil trankvilag
trance katalepsio
tramp vagistog
trammel malhelpi
tramway tramvojog
tramcar tramveturilog
traitorous perfidag
traitor perfidulog
trait trajtog
train instrui
tragedy tragediog
tragedian tragediistog
traduce mallaŭdegig
tradition tradiciog
tradesman butikisto
trade negoci
traction tiro—adog
trace postsignog
toy ludilog
township urbetog
town urbog
towing-vessel trenŝipog
tower turog
towel viŝilog
toward alg
tow stupog
tow posttrenig
tourist turistog
tourism turismog
tour vojaĝog
tough malmolag
touchy ofendsentemag
touching tuŝantag
touchiness ofendsentecog
touch palpog
touch tuŝig
totter ŝancelig
totality tutecog
total tuto
toss skuig
tory konservativulog
torture turmentegig
torture turmentegog
tortuous tordag
tortoise testudog
torso torsog
torsion tordog
torrid varmegag
torrent torentog
torpor sensentog
torpidity sensentecog
torpid sensentag
torpedo torpedog
torment turmento—adog
torment turmentig
toreador toreadorog
torch torĉog
toque ĉapog
topsy-turvy renversita—iteg
topple falig
topography topografiog
topmost plejsuprag
topic subjektog
topaz topazog
toothless sendentag
tooth dentog
tool ilog
tonsure tonsurog
tonnage enhaveblecog
tonic fortigilog
tongue langog
tongs prenilog
to-morrow morgaŭg
tome volumog
tomb tombog
tomato tomatog
toll takso
tolerate tolerig
tolerant tolera—emag
tolerably tolerebleg
tolerable tolereblag
token signog
toilsome laborag
toilet tualetog
toil laboro
together kuneg
toe piedfingrog
to-day hodiaŭg
tocsin tumultsonorilog
toboggan glitveturilog
tobacco tabakog
toad bufog
to alg
titter rideti
titmouse paruog
title titolog
tithing dekonecog
tissue teksaĵog
tiresome teda
tired lacag
tire lacigig
tirade denuncado
tipsy ebriag
tippler drinkemulog
tipple drinkig
tippet manteletog
tip pintog
tiny malgrandetag
tint koloretigig
tinkle tintig
tingle vibreti
tinge koloretigig
tinfoil hidrargaĵog
tinder fajrfungog
tin stanog
tin stanig
timorous timemag
timidity timecog
timid timemag
timepiece horloĝog
timely ĝustatempag
time tempog
timber ligno
tilt klini—igi
tillage kulturaĵo
tight prema
tiger tigrog
tie ligig
tidy malnegliĝag
tidiness malnegliĝecog
tidings sciigog
tidal marmovag
ticklish tiklosentemag
tickle tiklig
ticket biletog
tick bateti
tibia tibiog
thyme timianog
thy cia
thwart malhelpig
thus tiel
thunderstruck fulmofrapag
thunderstorm fulmotondrog
thunder tondrig
thump frapegi
thrust puŝegi
thrush turdog
throw ĵetig
through trag
throttle sufokig
throne tronog
throe agoniog
throbbing bato—ado
throb bati
throat gorĝog
thrive prosperig
thrill vibri
thrifty ŝparemag
thrift ŝparecog
threshold sojlog
three trig
threatening minacag
threat minacog
threadbare eluza
thread fadenog
thrash draŝi
thraldom servutog
thoughtless senpripensag
thoughtful pripensag
thought penso
though kvankamg
thou ci
thoroughfare trairejog
thorough plenegag
thorn dornog
thorax brustkestog
thong ledrimenog
thistle kardog
this tio
thirst soifog
thinker pensulog
think pensig
thine cia
thimble fingringog
thigh femurog
thievish ŝtelemag
thieve ŝtelig
thief ŝtelistog
thickskinned dikhaŭtag
thickset dikkorpag
thickness dikecog
thicket arbetaĵo
thick dikag
they ilig
thesis tezog
thermometer termometrog
therefore tialg
therapeutics kuracartog
theoretic teoriag
theory teoriog
theorem teoremog
theology teologiog
theologian teologistog
then tiamg
theme temog
them iling
theft ŝtelog
theatrical teatrag
theatre teatrog
the lag
thaw degeladog
thaw degelig
that tiog
thanks dankong
thankless sendankag
thankfulness dankecog
thankfully dankeg
thank dankig
than olg
thaler talerog
texture teksaĵog
textual laŭtekstag
textile teksag
text tekstog
tether ligilog
tetanus tetanog
testy koleremag
testimonial atesto
testify atestig
testator testamentantog
testament testamentog
test provig
terrorise terurigig
terror terurog
territory teritoriog
terrify timegigig
terrestrial terag
terrace terasog
termite termitog
terminology terminarog
terminate finig
termagant kriegulinog
tepid varmetag
tentative provag
tent tendog
tension streĉog
tenor tenorog
tenet dogmo
tenement loĝejo
tendon tendenog
tenderness amecog
tendency emo
tench tinkog
tenant luantog
tenacity persistecog
ten dekg
tempter tentantog
temptation tento—adog
tempt tentig
temporize prokrastig
temporary kelkatempa
temporal mondag
tempest ventego
temperature temperaturog
temperate moderag
temperate sobrag
temperance sobrecog
temerity bravegecog
tell dirig
telescope teleskopog
telephonic telefonag
telephone telefonig
telegraphy telegrafog
telegraphist telegrafistog
telegraphic telegrafag
telegraph telegrafig
telegram telegramog
teeth dentojg
teem sufiĉegig
tediousness tedecog
tedious tedag
technical teknikag
teat mampintog
tease inciteti
tear larmog
tear ŝirig
teaching instruo—adog
teacher instruistog
teach instruig
teapot tekruĉog
tea teog
tax takso
tax taksig
tawny dubeflavag
tawdry falsluksag
taw felpreparadig
tavern drinkejog
tautology ripetado
taut streĉag
taunt sarkasmog
tattoo tatuig
tattle babilaĵo
tatter ĉifonaĵog
taste gustog
taste gustumig
tassel drappendaĵog
taskwork tasklaborog
task taskog
tart acidag
tarry malfruig
tarnish malheligig
tarnish malheligog
tariff tarifog
target celtabulog
tardy malfrua
tar gudrog
tar gudrig
tapestry tapetog
taper maldikigig
taper kandeletog
tape kotonrubandog
tap kranog
tap bateti
tannin taninog
tanner tanistog
tankard pokalo
tank akvujog
tangible palpeblag
tangent tangentog
tan tanilog
tan tanig
tamely kvieteg
tame malsovaĝag
talon ungegog
talmud talmudog
tally egali
tallow sebog
tall grandag
talk parolig
talisman talismanog
talented lerta
talent talentog
tale rakonto
take prenig
taint difektig
tailor tajlorog
tail vostog
taffeta taftog
tadpole ranidog
tactics taktikog
tact delikatecog
tack najletig
tack najletog
taciturn silentemag
tacit neesprimita
table tablog
tabernacle sanktejo
system sistemog
syrup siropog
syringe enŝprucigig
syphilis sifilisog
synthesis sintezog
syntax sintaksog
synopsis resumo
synonymous sinonima
synonym sinonimo
synod sinodog
syndicate sindikatog
syncope svenog
synagogue sinagogog
symptom simptomog
symphony simfoniog
sympathy simpatiog
sympathise simpatiig
sympathetic simpatiag
symmetry simetriog
symbol simbolog
syllogism silogismog
syllable silabog
sword glavog
swoon svenig
swivel turnkrucog
switch vergog
swing balancig
swine porkog
swindler ŝtelistog
swindle ŝtelig
swimming naĝartog
swim naĝig
swill glutegi
swiftness rapidecog
swift rapidag
swerve malrektiĝig
swelling ŝvelog
swell ŝvelig
sweetmeat sukeraĵog
sweet malacidag
sweepings balaaĵog
sweep balaig
swear blasfemig
swathe envolvi
swarthy nigravizaĝa
sward herbejog
swan cignog
swamp marĉejog
swallow glutig
swagger fanfaronig
swaddle vindig
sustenance nutraĵog
sustain subtenig
suspicious suspektemag
suspicion suspektog
suspend pendigig
suspect suspektig
susceptibility sentemog
susceptible sentebla—emag
survive postvivig
surveyor termezuristog
survey vidadi
surreptitious kaŝag
surrender kapitulacig
surprise surprizig
surpass superig
surname alnomog
surmount venkig
surmise konjektig
surly malgajag
surgery ĥirurgiog
surgeon ĥirurgiistog
surge ondegog
surfeit supersatig
surface supraĵog
surf ŝaŭmo
surety garantiaĵog
surely certe
sure certag
surcharge supertaksog
supreme superega
supremacy superegecog
suppress subpremig
suppose supozi
supporter partianog
support subtenig
supply provizig
supplicate petegig
supplementary aldonag
supplement aldonig
supplement aldonog
supple flekseblag
supplant anstataŭi
supper noktomanĝog
supervise observig
superstitious superstiĉag
superstition superstiĉog
supersede anstataŭig
superscription surskribog
supernumerary ekstrulog
supernatural supernaturag
superiority superecog
superior superag
superhuman superhomag
superfluous superfluag
superfluity superfluog
superficies supraĵog
superficial supraĵag
superb belegag
sup noktomanĝig
sunstroke sunfrapog
sunshade sunombrelog
sunflower sunflorog
sundry diversag
sunday dimanĉog
sunbeam sunradiog
sun sunog
sumptuous luksag
summons citatog
summon asigni
summit suprog
summerhouse laŭbog
summer somerog
summary mallongag
summary resumog
summarise resumig
sum sumig
sum sumog
sultry varmegag
sultan sultanog
sulphur sulfurog
sully malpurigig
sullen malgajag
sulk koleretig
suitor plendulog
suite sekvantarog
suitable konvena
suit konvenig
suicide memmortigog
suggest proponi
sugar sukerog
suffocate sufokig
suffix sufiksog
sufficient sufiĉag
sufficiency sufiĉecog
suffice sufiĉig
suffering suferog
suet grasog
sue procesig
sudden subitag
suction suĉadog
suckle mamnutrig
sucking-pig porkidog
suck suĉig
succumb subfalig
succulent bongustag
succour helpig
succinct mallongag
successor posteulog
successive intersekvag
successful sukcesag
success sukcesog
succeed sukcesig
subversive detruantag
suburbs ĉirkaŭurbog
subtraction elprenog
subtract elprenig
subtle ruzag
subtile maldikag
subterraneous subterag
subterranean subterag
subterfuge artifikog
substitute anstataŭig
substantive substantivog
substantiate pruvig
substantial fortikag
substance substancog
subside mallevig
subsequent sekvag
subscription abonog
subscription monoferadog
subpoena asignog
suborn subaĉetig
subordinate subag
subordinate subulog
submit submetiĝig
submissive humilag
submission submetiĝog
submerge subakvig
submarine submarag
sublime altega
subjugate submetig
subjection regateco
subject submeti
subject objektog
subject regato
subdue submeti
subdivide redividig
subcutaneous subhaŭtag
subaltern subulog
stylish stilag
style stilog
stutter balbutig
sturgeon sturgo
sturdy hardag
stupor letargiog
stupidity malspritecog
stupid malspritag
stupendous miregindag
stupefaction miregog
stupefy malspritigig
stun duonesvenigig
stump trunkrestaĵog
stumble faletig
stuff plenigig
study lerni
studious lernemag
studio studĉambrog
student studentog
stud butonog
stucco stukaĵog
stubbornness obstinegecog
stubborn obstinegag
strychnine strikninog
strut paradig
struggle baraktig
structure strukturog
strophe strofog
stronghold fortikaĵog
strong fortag
stroll promenig
strive penadig
strip striog
stringent severag
string ŝnuretog
striking surpriza
strike frapig
strife malpaco
stride paŝegig
strict severag
strew disĵetig
stretcher portilog
stretch streĉig
stress forto
strenuous energiag
strengthen plifortigig
strength fortecog
street stratog
stream riveretog
streak strekog
stray erariĝig
strawberry fragog
straw pajlog
stratum tavolog
stratify tavolig
strategy militartog
stratagem ruzog
strap rimenog
strangle sufokig
strangeness strangecog
stranger fremdulo
strange strangag
strand marbordog
straiten mallarĝigig
strainer kribrilog
strain streĉig
straightway tujeg
straightforwardness sincerecog
straight rektag
strabism strabecog
stove fornog
stoutness dikecog
stout dikag
storm atakig
storm ventegog
stork cikoniog
storehouse tenejog
store magazenog
stopper ŝtopilog
stoppage obstrukcog
stoop kurbiĝig
stool skabelog
stone ŝtonog
stomachic stomakag
stomach stomakog
stoker hejtistog
stoical stoikag
stocking ŝtrumpog
stockholder rentulog
stock provizog
stitch stebig
stirrup piedingog
stir movig
stipulate kondiĉigig
stipend salajrog
stint limigig
stink malbonodorig
stingy avara
sting pikilog
sting pikig
stimulate stimulig
stimulant stimulilog
stilts irilojg
still senmovag
stigmatise kalumnii
stigmata vundpostsignojg
stigma velkeco
stifle sufokig
stiff rigidag
sticky gluantag
stick gluig
stick bastonog
steward intendantog
stew boletig
stertorous stertorag
stern severegag
sterling verag
sterility senfruktecog
sterile senfruktag
stereometry stereometriog
stereotype stereotipog
steppe stepog
stepfather duonpatrog
step paŝig
step ŝtupog
stenography stenografiog
stenographer stenografistog
stench malbonodorog
stem trunketog
steersman direktilistog
steerage antaŭpartog
steer direktig
steep trempig
steep krutag
steelyard pesilo
steel ŝtalog
steed ĉevalog
steam-engine vapormaŝinog
steamboat vaporŝipog
steam vaporog
stealthy kaŝa
steal ŝtelig
steak steko
steady neŝanceleblag
steadfast konstantag
statutes regularog
statute regulog
stature kreskog
statue statuog
statistics statistikog
stationery paperaĵog
stationer papervendistog
stationary senprogresag
stationary senmovag
statesman politikistog
state esprimi
state Ŝtatog
starve malnutrig
startle ektremig
start ekirig
starling sturnog
stark rigida
stare rigardegig
starch amelog
starboard dekstrog
star stelog
staple komunag
stanza strofog
stand piedestalog
stand starig
stanchion subtenog
stammer balbutig
stamin staminog
stallion ĉevalvirog
stale malfreŝag
stalagmite stalagmitog
stalactite stalaktitog
stake paliso
stair ŝtupog
stain makulog
stain makulig
staid deca
stagnation senmovecog
stagnant senmovag
stagger ŝanceliĝig
stage estradog
stag cervog
stadium stadiog
stability fortikecog
stable ĉevalejog
stab vundi
squirrel sciurog
squirt elŝprucig
squirt elŝprucigilog
squint-eyed strabag
squint strabig
squib raketog
squeeze premig
squeamish precizemag
squeak bleketig
squat dikkorpag
squash premegig
square kvadratog
squander malŝparig
squall krietig
squad taĉmento
squabble malpacetig
spyglass vidilog
spy ekvidi
spy spionig
spurt elŝprucig
spurn elĵetig
spurious falsag
spur spronog
spume ŝaŭmog
spue vomig
sprite feino
sprinkler ŝprucigilog
springy elastag
spring saltig
sprightliness vivecog
sprightly sprita
sprig vergeto
sprawl sternig
sprain elartikigig
spout ŝprucig
spouse edzo—inog
spotless senmakulag
sportsman sportistog
sport sportog
spoonful plenkulerog
spoon kulerog
spontaneous propramovag
sponsor baptopatro—inog
sponge spongog
spoliation ruinigog
spokesman parolantog
spoil malbonigig
spoil difektig
split fendig
splinter fendpecetog
splice kunigig
splendour belegecog
splendid belegag
spleen lienog
splash ŝprucig
spittoon kraĉujog
spittle kraĉaĵog
spiteful venĝemag
spite malamog
spit kraĉig
spirituous alkoholag
spiritualist spiritualistog
spiritualism spiritualismog
spiritual spiritag
spirit alkoholog
spiral helikformag
spinster ŝpinistino
spinning-top turnludilog
spinning-wheel radŝpinilog
spine spinog
spindle aksog
spinal spinag
spinage spinacog
spin ŝpinig
spike najlegog
spider araneog
spice spicog
sphinx sfinksog
spherical sferag
sphere sferog
spendthrift malŝparulog
spend elspezig
spell ĉarmog
spell silabig
speedy rapidag
speed rapidigig
speed rapidog
speechless mutag
speech paroladog
speculum spegulog
speculative spekulativag
speculation spekulaciog
speculate spekulaciig
spectrum spektrog
spectre fantomog
spectator rigardantog
spectacles okulvitrojg
speck makuletog
specious verŝajnag
specimen modelog
species specog
specie monerog
speciality specialo—ecog
specialist specialistog
specialise specialigig
special specialag
spear lancog
speaker parolantog
speak parolig
spawn fiŝsemog
spatter ŝprucigi
spasm spasmog
sparse maldensag
sparrow-hawk akcipitrog
sparrow paserog
sparkle brilig
spark fajrerog
spare indulgig
spanish-fly kantaridog
spangle briletaĵog
spain hispanujog
spade fosilog
spacious vastag
space spacog
sow semig
sow porkinog
sovereignty regecog
sovereign regnestrog
southerly sudag
southern sudag
south sudog
souse trempegig
source fontog
sour acidag
soup supog
sound sonig
soul animog
sot drinkulog
sort specog
sorry malĝoja—etag
sorrow malĝojog
sorrel okzalog
sore ulceretog
sordid malpuregag
sorcery sorĉartog
sorcerer sorĉistog
sorb sorpog
soprano sopranog
sophism sofismog
sop trempaĵog
soothe kvietigig
soot fulgog
soon baldaŭg
sonorous sonorag
sonnet sonetog
songster kantistog
song kantog
sonata sonatog
son-in-law bofilog
son filog
somewhere ieg
somewhat iomg
sometimes—sometimes jen—jeng
sometimes kelkfojeg
sometime iamg
something iog
somehow ielg
somebody's iesg
somebody iug
someone iug
some kelkajg
sombre malhelag
solvent pagokapablog
solvency pagokapablecog
solve solvig
solvability solveblecog
solvable solveblag
solution solvog
solubility solveblecog
soluble solveblag
solitude solecog
solitary solag
soliloquy monologog
solidify malfluidiĝig
solidity fortikecog
solidarity solidarecog
solid fortikag
solicitude zorgecog
solicitous petega
solicitor advokatog
solicit petegig
solfeggio notkantog
solfa notkantig
solemnize solenigig
solemnity solenog
solemn solenag
solely soleg
solecism solicismog
sole solag
soldier soldatog
solder lutig
solar sunag
solace komfortig
sojourn restig
soirée vesperkunvenog
soiled malpurag
soil malpurigig
soil terog
softness molecog
softly kvieteg
softly mallaŭteg
soften moligig
soft molag
sofa sofog
soda sodog
sod bulog
socket ingo
sock ŝtrumpetog
society societog
socialist socialistog
socialism socialismog
social socialag
sociable societamag
sobriquet moknomog
sobriety sobrecog
sober sobrag
sob ploregig
soap sapumig
soap sapog
soak trempig
so tiag
snug komfortag
snuffle nazparolig
snuff flartabakog
snowflake neĝerog
snow neĝog
snow neĝig
snout nazegog
snort ekronkig
snore ronkig
snivel ploretig
snip tondetig
sniff enflarig
sneeze ternig
sneer ridmokig
sneak rampig
snatch ekprenig
snare kaptilog
snappish atakemag
snap ataketig
snake serpentetog
snail limakog
smut nigrigi
smuggle kontrabandig
smoulder bruletig
smother sufokig
smooth glatag
smoker fumamantog
smoke fumog
smoke fumig
smock kitelog
smithy forĝejog
smite frapig
smile ridetig
smile ridetog
smelt fandig
smell odorog
smear ŝmirig
smash disrompig
smart elegantag
small-pox variolog
smallness malgrandecog
small malgrandag
sly ruza
slut negliĝulinog
slumber dormetig
sluggard mallaborulog
slug limakog
slowness malrapidecog
slow malrapidag
sloven negliĝulog
slough ŝlimejog
slothful mallaboremag
sloth mallaboremog
slope deklivog
slop verŝetig
sloe prunelog
slit fendog
slimy ŝlimag
slime ŝlimog
slim graciag
slippery glatag
slipper pantoflog
slip faletig
slight maldikag
slide glitig
slide glitejog
slice tranĉaĵog
slender maldikag
sleigh glitveturilog
sleeve manikog
sleet hajlneĝog
sleep dormig
sleek glatag
slay mortigig
slavishness sklavemog
slavish sklavag
slavery sklavecog
slave sklavog
slaughter-house buĉejog
slaughter mortigig
slater tegmentistog
slate ardezog
slash tranĉadi
slanting oblikvag
slang vulgaresprimog
slander kalumniig
slake sensoifigig
slag metala
slack malstreĉag
skylight fenestretog
sky ĉielog
skull kraniog
skittles keglojg
skirt jupog
skirmish bataletog
skip saltetig
skinner felistog
skin senfeligig
skin haŭtog
skimmer ŝaŭmkulerog
skim senŝaŭmigig
skilled lertag
skill lertecog
skilful lertag
skiff boatetog
skid malakcelog
skewer trapikiletog
sketch skizog
sketch skizig
skeleton skeletog
skein fadenarog
skates glitilojg
skate glitig
size gluetog
size grandecog
sixty sesdekg
sixteen dek-sesg
six sesg
situation situacio
site sido
sit sidig
sister-in-law bofratinog
sister fratinog
siren sirenog
sire moŝtog
sire patrog
sir sinjorog
siphon sifonog
sip trinketig
sinner pekulog
sink malflosi
sink ŝtonlavujog
sinister funebrag
sinciput vertog
singular strangag
singe bruleti
single unuoblag
sing kantig
sinful pekemag
sinew tendenog
sinecure senlaboroficog
sincerity sincerecog
sincere sincerag
sinapis sinapog
sin pekig
sin pekog
simultaneous samtempag
simplify simpligig
simplicity simplecog
simpleness simplecog
simpleton naivegulog
simple simplag
simper naivegridetig
simmer boletig
simile similecog
similitude komparaĵog
similarity similecog
similar similag
silver-fir piniog
silver arĝentog
silly naivegag
silliness malsaĝecog
sill sojlog
silky silkecag
silken silkag
silkworm silkvermog
silk silkog
silhouette profilog
silex silikog
silent silentag
silence silentigig
silence silentog
signification signifog
significant signifag
signet sigelilog
signature subskribog
signal signalig
signal signalog
sign-manual subskribo—aĵog
signboard elpendaĵog
sign signog
sign signi—igig
sight vidog
sigh ekĝemig
sift kribrig
sieve kribrilog
siege sieĝog
sideboard telermeblog
side flankog
sickly malsanemag
sickle rikoltilog
sicken malsaniĝig
sick vomemag
shyness timeteco
shy timeta
shuttle navetog
shut fermig
shun evitig
shudder tremetig
shrug altigig
shrub arbetog
shroud kaŝi
shroud mortkitelog
shrimp markankretog
shrink malpliiĝig
shrill siblag
shriek kriegig
shrewdness sagacecog
shrewd sagacag
shred peco
showy luksag
shower-bath pluvbanog
shower pluvetog
show paradog
show montrig
shovel ŝovelilog
shovel ŝovelig
shove puŝig
shout kriegig
shoulder-blade skapolog
shoulder ŝultrog
should devusg
shot pafog
shortsightedness miopecog
shortsighted miopag
shortly frueg
shorten mallongigig
short mallongag
shore marbordog
shop butikog
shoe ŝuog
shocking terurag
shock frapog
shoal fiŝarog
shiver tremetig
shirt ĉemizog
shirk evitig
shire graflandog
shipwright ŝipfaristog
shipwreck ŝippereog
ship enŝipigig
ship ŝipog
shining brilag
shingle ŝindo—etog
shine brilig
shin tibiog
shilling ŝilingog
shift movi
shield ŝildi
shield ŝildog
shepherd paŝtistog
shell senŝeligig
shell ŝelog
shelf bretog
sheet drapog
sheepfold ŝafejog
sheepish embarasitag
sheep ŝafog
shed budog
sheath ingog
shears tondilog
shear tondig
sheaf garbog
she ŝig
shawl ŝalog
shavings rabotaĵog
shave razig
shatter frakasig
sharpen akrigig
shark ŝarkog
share partoprenig
share parto
share dividig
shape formig
shape formog
shank tibiog
shameless senhontag
shameful hontindag
shame hontigig
shame hontog
shambles buĉejog
sham ŝajniĝog
sham ŝajniĝig
shallow malprofundag
shake ŝancelig
shaggy harplenag
shadowy ĥimerag
shadow ombrog
shade nuancig
shade ombraĵog
shackles malhelpoj
shabby malnoblag
sexual seksag
sex seksog
sewer defluilegog
sew kudrig
severity severecog
severe severag
severally diverseg
several multajg
several diversag
sever disigig
seventy sepdekg
seventeen dek-sepg
seven sepg
settle decidig
settle loĝiĝig
session kunsidog
servitude sklavecog
servility sklavemog
servile sklavag
serviette buŝtukog
serviceable servemag
service servog
serve servig
servant servisto—inog
serum serumog
serpent serpentog
sermon predikog
seriousness seriozecog
serious seriozag
series seriog
sergeant serĝentog
serf servutulog
serenity trankvilecog
serene trankvilag
serenade serenadog
sere velkintag
seraph serafog
sequel sekvo
sepulchre tombegog
september septembrog
separation disigog
separately malkuneg
separate malkunigi
separate apartag
separate apartigi
sentry-box budetog
sentry gardostarantog
sentinel gardostarantog
sentimental sentimentalag
sentiment opiniog
sentient sentemag
sentence juĝi
sensuality voluptecog
sensual voluptemag
sensitive sentemag
sensible saĝag
sensibility sentemog
senseless sensentag
sense sentog
sensational sensaciag
sensation sentadog
senior plenaĝa
senility maljunecog
senile maljunag
send sendig
senator senatanog
senate-house senatejo
senate senatog
semolina tritikaĵog
seminary seminariog
seminarist seminarianog
semicolon punktokomog
semicircle duonrondog
semblance ŝajnecog
semaphore semaforo
selvage ŝtofrandog
sell vendig
selfishness egoismog
selfish egoistag
self-willed obstinag
self-taught memlernintag
self-reproach memriproĉog
self-evident klaregag
self-esteem memestimog
self-denial memforgesog
self-conceit tromemfidog
selection elektarog
select elektig
seldom malofteg
seize ekkaptig
seethe bolig
seer profetog
seemly decag
seeming ŝajna
seem ŝajnig
seek serĉig
seedling kreskaĵog
seed semog
seesaw balancilog
see vidig
seduce delogig
sedition ribelog
sediment feĉog
sedentary hejmsidag
sedate seriozag
sedan-chair portilog
security sendanĝerecog
secure sendanĝerag
secular mondag
sectarian sektanog
sect sektog
secrete kaŝig
secretary sekretariog
secret sekretag
secrecy sekreteco
seclusion solecog
sebaceous sebecag
seat sidigig
seat seĝog
seaworthy marirebla
seasoning spicaĵog
seasonable ĝustatempag
season sezonog
seashore marbordog
seaside marbordog
search-warrant traserĉog
search serĉig
sear kaŭterizi
seamstress kudristinog
seamanship marveturartog
seaman maristo
seam kunkudrog
sealing-wax sigelvaksog
seal sigelo—ilog
seal sigelig
sea-gull mevog
seafaring marag
sea marog
scythe falĉilog
scurvy skorbutog
scurrilous maldeca
scurf favog
scum ŝaŭmog
sculptor skulptistog
scullery lavejo
scuffle interpuŝog
scrutiny serĉadog
scrutinize esplori
scrupulous konsciencag
scruple konsciencdubog
scrub frotlavig
scroll rulpaperog
scrofula skrofolog
scripture sankta
scribe skribistog
scribble malbonskribig
screw-driver ŝraŭbturnilog
screw ŝraŭbig
screw ŝraŭbog
screen ŝirmilog
scream kriegig
scratch grataĵog
scratch gratig
scrapings skrapaĵog
scrape skrapig
scrap pecetog
scowl sulkegiĝig
scout antaŭmarŝanto
scourge skurĝig
scour frotlavig
scoundrel kanajlog
scotchman skotog
scorpion skorpiog
scorn malestimog
score dudekog
scorch bruletig
scorbutic skorbutag
scoop kuleregog
scold riproĉegig
scoff mokig
scissors tondilog
scintillate briletig
scientific sciencag
science sciencog
schoolmaster lernejestro
schoolfellow kunlernantog
school lernejog
scholastic skolastikag
scholarship klerecog
scholar lernantog
schismatic disigintag
schism disigog
scheme projektog
schedule katalogog
sceptre sceptrog
sceptical skeptikag
sceptic skeptikulog
scent flarig
scent odorog
scenery pejzaĝog
scene scenejog
scatter disĵeti
scarlet skarlatog
scarlatina skarlatinog
scarf skarpog
scarecrow timigilog
scare timigig
scarcity malsufiĉog
scarcely apenaŭg
scarce malsufiĉag
scarabaeus skarabog
scar cikatrog
scapula skapolog
scapegoat propekulog
scanty malsufiĉegag
scantling lignaĵo
scandinavian skandinavog
scandalise skandalig
scandal skandalog
scan elekzamenig
scamp kanajlog
scales pesilog
scale surrampig
scald brogig
scaffold eŝafodog
scabbard glavingog
scab skabiog
say dirig
sawyer segistog
sawdust segaĵog
saw segilog
saw segig
savoury bongustag
savour gustog
saviour savintog
saving ŝparemag
saveloy kolbasetog
savant scienculog
savage sovaĝag
sausage kolbasetog
saunter malrapidirig
saucy insultema
saucepan kaserolog
saucer subtaso
sauce saŭcog
saturday sabatog
saturate saturig
satrap satrapog
satisfy kontentigig
satisfied kontentag
satisfactory kontentigag
satisfaction kontentigog
satire satirog
satin atlasog
satiety satog
satiate satigig
satellite sekvulo
sate satig
satchel saketog
satanic satana
satan satanog
sash zonog
sarsaparilla smilakog
sardinian sardog
sardine sardelog
sarcastic sarkasmag
sarcasm sarkasmog
sapphire safirog
sap sukog
sanscrit sanskritog
sanity raciecog
sanitary higienag
sanhedrim sinedriog
sanguine esperplenag
sanguinary sangavidag
sane raciag
sandal pantofletog
sandbank sablaĵog
sand sablog
sanctuary sanktejog
sanctity sanktecog
sanction sankciig
sanctify sanktigig
sample specimenog
sameness samecog
same samag
salver pladetog
salve ŝmiraĵog
salvation savog
salvage savadog
salute salutig
salutary sanplenag
salutation salutog
salubrious sanigag
saltpetre salpetrog
salt-meat peklaĵog
salt-cellar salujog
salt salog
saloon salonog
salmon salmog
saliva kraĉaĵog
saline salag
salesman vendistog
saleable vendeblag
sale vendog
salary salajrog
sal-ammoniac salamoniakog
salamander salamandrog
salad salatog
saintly sanktag
saint sanktulog
sainfoin sanfojnog
sails velarog
sailor maristog
sailing-ship velŝipog
sail surnaĝig
sage saĝag
sagacity sagacecog
sagacious sagacag
saffron safranog
safety sendanĝerecog
safe sendanĝerag
sadness malĝojecog
saddle selog
sadden malĝojigig
sad malĝojag
sacrilege malpiaĵog
sacrifice oferig
sacredness sanktecog
sacred sanktag
sacrament sakramentog
sackcloth ŝtofegog
sack sakog
sacerdotal pastrag
sabre hakglavo
sabot ligna
sabbath dimanĉog
rye sekalog
ruthless kruelegag
rut radkavo
rust rustaĵog
rust rusti
russian rusog
russia rusujog
russet flavruĝag
rush junkog
ruse ruzog
rural kampag
rupture rompog
runaway forkurantog
run kurig
rumple ĉifig
rumour famog
ruminate pripensig
rumble bruegadig
rum rumog
ruler regnestrog
ruinous ruinag
ruin ruinigig
ruin ruino
rugged ŝtonplena
rug tapiŝetog
ruffian malbonulog
ruff krispog
ruddy ruĝag
ruddiness ruĝecog
rudeness malrespektog
rude malĝentilag
rudder direktilog
ruby-color ruĝag
ruby rubenog
rubric rubrikog
rubbish rubo
rub froti—adig
royalty reĝecog
royal reĝag
rove vagig
routine kutimog
route vojog
rout malvenkegog
rouse ekscitig
round rondigig
roughness malglatecog
roughen malglatigig
rouble rublog
rotunda rotondog
rottenness putreco
rotation turniĝadog
rotate turniĝig
rot putri
rosy roza
rostrum tribunog
rosin kolofonog
rosewood palisandrog
rosemary rosmarenog
rosette bantog
rose-coloured rozkolorag
rosebush rozarbetog
rose rozog
rosary rozariog
rope ŝnuregog
root-word radikvortog
rooster kokog
roost stangiĝig
roomy vastag
room ĉambrog
rook frugilegog
roof tegmentog
romp bubino
romp ludegig
romantic sentimentalag
roman romag
roll-book registrolibrog
roll rulig
roguish friponag
rogue friponog
roebuck kapreolog
rocky ŝtonegplenag
rock-oil petrolog
rocket raketog
rocking luladog
rock ŝtonegog
robustness fortikecog
robust fortikag
robing-room vestejo
robe robog
robe vesti
robbery rabadog
robber ŝtelisto
rob ŝteli
roast rostig
roam vagig
roadstead rodog
road-labourer stratlaboristog
road vojo
roach plotog
rivulet riveretog
river riverog
rivalry konkuro—ecog
rival konkurantog
rival konkurig
rite ceremoniarog
risk riskig
risibility ridindecog
risible ridindag
ripple ondetog
ripe maturag
rip ŝirig
riotous tumulta
riot tumulto
rinse laveti
ringworm favog
ringlet buklo
ringleader instigulo
ring ringog
rind ŝelo
rime prujnog
rim randog
rill riveretog
rigorous severa
rigour severecog
rigidly severeg
rigidity rigidecog
rigid rigida
rightly rajte
rightful rajtag
righteous justa
right dekstrag
rigging ŝnurarmilarog
rig ŝnurarmig
rift fendog
rifle pafilog
rife ĝeneralag
riding-school rajdejog
riding-master ĉevalestro
ridiculous ridindag
ridicule mokig
ridge supro
ride rajdig
riddle enigmo
rid malembarasi
riches riĉecog
rich riĉag
rice rizog
ribbon rubandog
ribaldry diboĉo—aĵog
ribald malĉasta
rib ripog
rhythm ritmog
rhyme rimig
rhubarb rabarbog
rhombus rombog
rhomb rombog
rhinoceros rinocerog
rheumatism reŭmatismog
rheumatic reŭmatismag
rhetorical elokventa
rhetoric parolarto
rhapsody rapsodiog
rhapsodist rapsodiistog
reward premio
revulsion antipatiog
revolve turniĝi
revolution revoluciog
revolt ribelog
revoke nuligig
revocation nuligog
revocable nuligeblag
revive revivigig
revival revivigog
revise korekti
revile mallaŭdegig
revert revenig
reverse renversig
reverie revadog
reverence respektegig
revere respektegig
revenue rento
revenge revenĝog
revel festenegog
reveal malkaŝig
re-unite rekunigig
reunion rekunigog
retrospective retrospektivag
retrospect retrospektog
retrograde malprogresig
retrieve trovi
retribution repagog
retreat foriri
retract malkonfesig
retrace reveni
retort respondi
retirement kvietecog
retire reenirig
retinue sekvantarog
retina retinog
retentive persista
retardation prokrasto
retard prokrasti
retaliation revenĝog
retaliate revenĝig
retainer vasalog
retain gardi
retailer revendistog
resurrection revivigo—iĝog
result sekvo
result rezultig
restrict malvastigi
restrain haltigi
restore refari
restorative fortigilo
restoration redoneco
restitution redonadog
restaurant restoraciog
resuscitate revivigig
responsibility respondecog
responsible respondag
response respondog
respond respondig
respire spirig
respiration spiradog
respirable spireblag
respectful respektag
respectable respektindag
respect respektog
respect respektig
resource rimedog
resound resonig
resort kunvenejog
resonant resonag
resolve decidig
resolution decidecog
resolute decidag
resist kontraŭbatali
resinous rezinag
resin-wood kenog
resin rezino
resignation rezignaciog
resign eksiĝig
residue restaĵog
resident loĝantog
residence loĝejo
reside loĝi
reservoir akvujo
reserve rezervig
resentment kolerog
resent sentegig
resemble similig
resemblance similecog
research esploro
rescue savig
rescind eksigi
requite rekompencig
requisition rekviziciog
requisite necesa
requirement postulo
require postuli
request petig
reputation famo
reputable estimebla
repulsive malbelegag
repulse repuŝi
repugnant antipatiag
repugnance antipatio—ecog
repudiate neig
republican respublikanog
republic respublikog
reptile rampaĵog
reprove malaprobi
reproof riproĉog
reproduction kopiaĵo
reproduce reproduktig
reprobate malaprobi
reproachful riproĉag
reproach riproĉog
reprisals revenĝog
reprimand riproĉo
reprimand riproĉi
reprieve pardonig
repressive subpremag
repression subpremo—adog
repress haltigi
representative reprezentantog
representation reprezentadog
represent reprezentig
reprehensible riproĉindag
reprehend riproĉig
repository tenejog
repose ripozig
repose ripozog
report famo
report raportig
reply respondig
repletion pleneco
replete plena
replenish replenigig
replant replantig
replace anstataŭig
repine plendi
repiece flikig
repetition ripetadog
repentance pento—adog
repent pentig
repel repeli
repeat ripetig
repealable nuligeblag
repeal nuligig
repay repagig
repast manĝadog
repartee respondaĵog
reparation riparog
repair riparig
renunciation forlaso
rent disŝiro
renown famog
renovation renovigog
renovate renovigig
renounce forlasi
renewable renovigeblag
renewal renovigog
renew renovigig
rending disŝirog
rendezvous kunvenejog
render redonig
rend disŝirig
remunerative gajniga
remunerate rekompencig
remove transloki
remotely malproksimeg
remote malproksimag
remorse memriproĉog
remonstrate averti
remonstrance averto
remodel reformig
remnant restaĵog
remit remeti
remission remeto
remiss senzorgag
reminder memorigog
remind memorigig
remember memorig
remedy rimedog
remarkable rimarkindag
remark rimarkig
remand reenmetig
remake refarig
remain restig
rely konfidig
reluctant malbonvola—ontag
reluctance malbonvolo—ontog
relish ĝui
relinquish forlasig
religious religiag
religion religiog
relieve helpig
relic memorigog
reliance konfidog
reliable konfidindag
relent dolĉiĝi
relegate apartigig
release liberigig
relax malpliigig
relationship parencecog
relate rakontig
relapse refalog
rekindle rebruligig
rejuvenate plijunigig
rejoinder respondog
rejoin rekunigig
rejoice ĝojig
rejection rifuzog
reject rifuzig
reiterate ripeti
reinstate reenmeti—igig
reinforce plifortigig
rein kondukilog
reimburse repagig
reign regig
rehearse ripetig
regulation regulog
regulate reguligig
regular regulag
regrettable bedaŭrindag
regret bedaŭrig
registration registradog
registrar registristog
register registrig
region regionog
regiment regimentog
regicide reĝmortigintog
regent regantog
regeneration renaskog
regenerate refari
regency regecog
regatta ŝipkuradog
regarding prig
regale regalig
regal reĝag
regain rericevig
refute refutig
refutation refutog
refuse rifuzig
refusal rifuzog
refund repagi
refreshment-room bufedo
refresh refreŝigig
refractory ribelag
reformatory reformejo
reformation reformo
reform reformi
refold refaldig
reflux forfluog
reflector rebrililog
refinery rafinejog
refiner rafinistog
refine rafinig
refectory manĝejog
refection manĝetog
re-establish reigig
re-enter reenirig
reed kanog
redundant sufiĉegag
redundance sufiĉegog
reduce malpliigig
redoubtable timindag
redouble duobligig
redness ruĝecog
redemption elaĉetog
redeemer elaĉetintog
redeem reaĉeti
reddish duberuĝag
redden ruĝigi—iĝig
redbreast ruĝgorĝog
red ruĝag
recurrence reokazog
recur reokazig
recumbent kuŝag
rector pastro
rectitude rekteco
rectangle rektangulog
recruiting varbo—adog
recruit varbito
recruit varbig
recrimination kontraŭdiradog
recriminate kontraŭdiradig
recreation ludtempog
recreate rekreig
recreant timulog
record registri
recopy rekopiig
reconsider rekonsiderig
reconciliation pacigog
reconcile pacigig
recompense rekompencig
recommendation rekomendog
recommend rekomendig
recollect memorig
recognize rekonig
recognition rekonog
recluse ermitog
recline kuŝi
reclaim redemandig
reckoning kalkulog
reckon kalkulig
reckless senzorgag
recite deklamig
recitation deklamo—adog
recital rakontog
reciprocity reciprokecog
reciprocal reciprokag
reception ricevog
recent novag
receive ricevig
receipts enspezojg
receipt kvitancog
recede malproksimiĝig
recapitulate resumi
recant malkonfesig
rebut refutig
rebuke riproĉog
rebuff malprosperog
rebound resaltig
rebellious ribelag
rebellion ribelo—adog
rebel ribelig
rebel ribelantog
rebate—ment rabatog
reasoning rezonadog
reasonable rezonag
reason rezonig
rear-guard postgvardiog
reap rikoltig
re-assure rekuraĝigig
re-ascend resuprenirig
re-arrange rearanĝig
re-animate revivigig
realm reĝolando
really vere
reality realecog
real vera
ready pretag
reading legadog
readily volonteg
reader legantog
read legig
react kontraŭbatali—agig
razor razilog
ravine intermontaĵog
ravenous englutemag
raven korvog
ravel maltordig
raucous raŭkag
rattlesnake sonserpentog
rationalist racionalistog
rationalism racionalismog
rational racionalag
ration porciog
ratio proporciog
ratify aprobig
rather plivoleg
rate procentog
rat ratog
raspberry frambog
rasp raspig
rashness hazardecog
rash hazardag
rase disĵetig
rascal kanajlog
rarity maloftecog
rareness maloftecog
rarely malofteg
rare antikvag
rapture ravo
rapt rava
rapine rabog
rapier rapirog
rapidly rapideg
rapidity rapidecog
rapid rapidag
rape forrabog
rapacity rabemecog
rapacious rabemag
rap frapo
rap frapetig
ranunculus ranunkolog
ransom reaĉetig
ransom reaĉetog
rancour malamecog
rancid rancag
rampart remparo
ramble vagig
ram ŝafovirog
rake rastig
raisin sekvinberog
raise levi
rainbow ĉielarkog
rain pluvog
raiment vestaĵog
railway fervojog
railroad fervojog
raillery mokadog
ragout spicaĵog
ragged ĉifonag
rage koleregog
ragamuffin bubog
rag-picker ĉifonistog
rag ĉifonog
rafter tegmenttrabog
raft flosog
raffle ludlotog
radius radiog
radish rafanetog
radicalism radikalismog
radical radikalog
radiate radii—igig
radiant radilumag
racy spritag
racecourse hipodromog
raccoon procionog
rabies rabiog
rabid rabiag
rabble kanajlarog
rabbit kuniklog
quotient dividrezultatog
quoth diras
quote citig
quotation citog
quota parto
quorum kvorumog
quoit disko
quoin kojnog
quiver sagujog
quittance kvitancog
quite tuteg
quit kvitag
quit lasig
quip sarkasmog
quintal centfuntog
quilt litkovrilog
quill plumog
quietude trankvilecog
quiet kvietigig
quiet kvietag
quiescence ripozo
quicksilver hidrargog
quicken rapidigig
quicken vivigig
quibble ĉikanig
questionable dubag
question demandig
question demandog
quest informiĝog
quest serĉog
query ĉu?
query demandog
querulous malkontentag
quell trankviligig
queer strangag
queen reĝinog
quay surbordo
quaver trilog
quartz kvarcog
quartet kvartetog
quartern kvarono
quarterly trimonatag
quarry ŝtonejog
quarrel malpacig
quarrel malpacog
quantity kvantog
quandary embarasog
qualm konscidubog
quality eco
qualify kvalitigi
qualification eco
quake tremi—egig
quaint strangag
quail tremig
quagmire marĉejog
quaggy marĉag
quaff glutegig
quadruple kvaroblag
quadruped kvarpiedag
quadrille kvadrilog
quadrature kvadratog
quadratic kvadratag
quadrate kvadratag
quadrate kvadratog
quadrant kvadrantog
quadrangle kvarangulaĵog
quackery ĉarlatanismog
quack ĉarlatanog
python serpentego
pyramid piramidog
puzzle enigmog
putty mastikog
putrify putrigig
putrescence putro—ecog
putrefaction putraĵog
put metig
pustule pustulog
pusillanimous timemag
push puŝig
pus puso—aĵog
purveyor liverantog
pursue forpeladi
purse monujog
purr bleketi
purpose celi
purple purpurag
purloin ŝtelig
purity purecog
puritan puritanog
purify purigig
purge laksigig
purgatory purgatoriog
purgative laksilo
purée pistaĵog
purchase aĉetig
puppy hundidog
puppet pupo
puny malgranda
punishment puno—adog
punish punig
pungent pika
puncture trapikig
punctuation interpunkciog
punctuate interpunkciig
punctuality akuratecog
punctual ĝustatempa
punctilious precizemag
pumpkin kukurbog
pumice-stone pumikog
pump pumpilog
pump pumpig
pulverize pulvorigig
pulse pulsog
pulsation pulsbatadog
pulpit tribuno
pulp molaĵog
pulmonary pulmag
pulley rulblokog
pullet kokidinog
pull tirig
pug-dog mopsetog
puff blovig
puerile infanag
publish publikigi
publicity publikigo
public-house drinkejog
publican drinkejmastrog
public publikag
puberty viriĝog
psychology psikologiog
pseudonym pseŭdonomog
psalter psalmarog
psalmody psalmokantadog
psalm psalmog
pry serĉi
prune ĉirkaŭhakig
prudent singardema
prudence singardemog
proxy anstataŭulog
proximity proksimeco
proximate proksima
prowl vagig
prowess valoreco
provoke incitegig
provocation incitego—adog
provisional provizorag
provision provizaĵo
provincial provincanog
province provincog
provident zorgema
providence antaŭzorgo
provide provizig
proverb proverbog
provender bestnutraĵog
prove pruvi
proud fiera
protuberance ŝvelaĵog
protrude elstarig
protocol protokolog
protestant protestantog
protestation protestadog
protest protestig
protégé protektatog
protectorate protektoratog
protector protektanto
protection protektog
protect protektig
prosy tedag
prosperous prosperag
prosperity prosperecog
prosper prosperig
prospectus prospektog
prospective antaŭvida
prospect vidaĵog
proselyte prozelitog
prosecute persekutig
prose prozo
proscribe ekzilig
prosaic prozag
prorogue prokrastig
propriety konvenecog
proprietor posedantog
proposition proponog
propose proponig
proposal proponog
proportional proporciag
propitious favorag
propitiate favorigi
propinquity proksimecog
prophet profetog
prophesy profetaĵig
prophecy profetaĵog
property propreco
proper konvenag
propensity emo
propagate propagandig
propagandism propagandismog
propaganda propagandog
prop subtenaĵo
proof pruvo
pronunciation elparoladog
pronounce elparolig
pronoun pronomog
pronominal pronomag
prong forkegog
proneness emo
promulgation publikigado
promulgate publikigig
promptly rapide
promptitude rapidecog
prompter memorigistog
promoter iniciatorog
promontory promontorog
promise promesig
promiscuous miksa
prominent eminenta
promenade promenig
prolong plilongigig
prologue antaŭskribaĵo
prolix trolongag
prolific multinfana
proletarian proletaria
projectile ĵetaĵo
project projektog
prohibition malpermesog
prohibit malpermesig
progression progresadog
progress progresog
programme programog
prognostic antaŭsignog
progeny ido
profuse sufiĉega
profundity profundecog
profligate diboĉulog
profitable profitag
profit profito
profile profilog
proficient kompetentag
proffer proponi
professor profesorog
profess anonci
profanity malpiecog
profane malpiag
profanation malpiegaĵog
proem antaŭdramo
productive fruktoportag
production produktog
product produktaĵog
produce produktaĵog
produce produktig
prodigy miregindaĵog
prodigious miregindag
prodigality malŝparemog
prodigal malŝparag
procuration konfidatistog
procure havigig
procrastinate prokrastig
proclaim proklamig
process procedo
procession procesiog
proceeding procedog
proceed procedig
proboscis rostrog
problem problemog
probity honestecog
probe sondi
probationer novicog
probation provtempog
probability kredebleco
probable kredinda—eblag
prize ŝatig
prize premiog
privily sekreteg
privilege privilegiog
privation senigog
privateer marrabistog
private privatag
prisoner malliberulog
prison malliberejog
prism prismog
priority antaŭecog
prior antaŭag
printing-press presilog
printer presisto
print presig
principle principog
principality princlandog
principal precipag
principal estro
prince reĝido
primrose primolog
primitive primitiva
primeval primitivag
primary elementa
prim afekta
priesthood pastrecog
priest pastrog
pride malhumileco
prickly pikag
prick pikilog
prick pikig
price—current prezarog
price prezo
prey kaptaĵog
previous antaŭag
prevent malhelpi
prevaricate malveriĝig
prevalent ĝenerala
prevail superig
pretty beletag
pretext pretekstog
preternatural supernatura
pretentious afektemag
pretend pretekstig
pretence pretekstog
presumptuous tromemfidag
presumption tromemfideco
presume supozig
presumably supozebleg
pressure premo—adog
press-gang varbigistarog
president prezidantog
preside prezidig
preservative antaŭgardo—adog
preservation antaŭzorgog
preserve antaŭgardig
presently tujg
presentiment antaŭsentog
presentative donaco
present prezentig
presence apudesto
prescribe ordonig
presbytery pastrejog
presbyter pastrog
presage antaŭsignog
preposition prepoziciog
preponderance superregog
prepay antaŭpagi
preparation preparo—adog
prepare prepari
pre-occupation priokupadog
premonitory antaŭsciigag
premises propreco—aĵog
premier ĉefa
premeditation pripensadog
premeditate pripensig
premature antaŭtempag
prelude antaŭludaĵog
preliminary antaŭafero
prelate episkopo
prejudicial malutilag
prejudge antaŭjuĝig
prejudice antaŭjuĝog
prehistoric pratempag
prehension prenog
pregnant gravedag
pregnancy gravedecog
prefix prefiksog
preference preferog
preferably prefereg
preferable preferindag
prefer preferig
prefect prefektog
preface antaŭparolog
predominate superregig
predisposition inklinog
prediction antaŭdirog
predict antaŭdiri
predetermination antaŭdecidog
predestination sortdifinog
predecessor antaŭulog
predatory rabadegag
precursor antaŭulog
precocity frumaturo—ecog
precocious frumaturag
preclude eksigi
precision precizeco
precisely ĝusteg
precise precizag
precipitation trorapidecog
precipitate trorapidag
precipitancy trorapidecog
precipice krutegaĵog
precious multekostag
precinct limog
preceptor guvernistog
precept ordonog
precentor kantorog
precedent antaŭaĵog
precedence antaŭecog
precede antaŭirig
precaution antaŭzorgo
precarious duba
prebendary kanonikog
preamble antaŭparolog
preaching predikadog
preacher predikistog
preach predikig
prayer-book preĝlibrog
prayer preĝog
prattle babilig
prate babilig
prank petoleco—aĵog
praise laŭdig
prairie herbejog
practise praktikig
practice praktiko
practical praktikag
powerless senpotencag
powerful multepovag
power povo
powder pulvro
poverty malriĉecog
pout koleretig
poultry-yard kortbirdejog
poultry kortbirdarog
poultice kataplasmog
pouch saketog
potter potistog
potential potencebla
potent potencag
potency potencog
potato terpomog
potash potasog
pot potog
posture teniĝog
postulate petadog
postscript postskribaĵog
postillion kondukistog
posterity idaro
posterior posta
poste-restante poŝtrestanteg
postman poŝtisto
postcard poŝtkartog
postal poŝtag
possibly ebleg
possibility eblecog
possible eblag
possessor posedantog
possessive posedag
possess posedig
positive pozitivag
position situaciog
portrait portretog
portmanteau valizo
portion porcio
portfolio paperujog
porter portistog
portend antaŭsciigig
portable porteblag
porpoise foksenog
porphyry porfirog
porous truetag
pork porkaĵog
pore truetog
porcupine histrikog
porch vestiblog
porcelain porcelanog
populous popolag
population loĝantarog
popular popularag
populace popolo—amasog
poppy-coloured puncag
poppy papavog
poplar poplo—arbog
pope papog
poor malriĉag
pool marĉlagetog
poodle pudelog
pony ĉevaletog
pontoon boatopontog
pontiff ĉefpastrog
poniard ponardog
ponderous multepezag
ponder pripensi
pond lagetog
pompous pompag
pomegranate pomgranatog
pomatum pomadog
pomade pomadog
polytechnic politekniko
polypus polipog
polyp polipog
polygon multangulog
poltroonery timeco—egecog
poltroon timulo—egulog
pollute malpurigig
pollen florsemog
politics politikog
politician politikistog
political politikag
politic saĝag
polite ĝentilag
polish polurig
policeman policanog
police policog
polemic disputo
polecat putorog
polar polusag
poker fajrincitilog
poisonous venenag
poison venenog
poise balanci
point punktog
poignant doloregag
poetry poezio
poetize versig
poet poetog
poesy poeziog
poem poemog
pod ŝelog
pocket poŝog
poacher ĉasoŝtelistog
poach ĉasoŝtelig
plush pluŝog
plural multenombrog
plunge subakviĝig
plunder rabadig
plumpness dikecog
plump dikag
plummet sondilog
plume plumfaskog
plumber plumbistog
plumbago grafitog
plumage plumaro
plum prunog
plug ŝtopilegog
ploughshare plugferog
plough plugilog
plough plugig
plot konspiri
pliers prenilo—etog
pliantness flekseblecog
pliant flekseblag
pliable flekseblag
pleonasm pleonasmog
plenteous sufiĉegag
plenitude plenecog
pledge garantiaĵog
plebeian malnobelog
please plaĉig
pleasant plaĉag
plead procesi
playtime ludtempog
plaything ludilog
playful petolag
player ludantog
plausible verŝajna
plaudit aplaŭdegog
platter pladegog
platitude platecog
platinum platenog
platform plataĵo
plateau plataĵog
plate telerog
plate stanumig
plastron brustoŝirmilog
plaster plastro
plantation plantejog
plant kreskaĵog
plant plantig
plank tabulog
planet planedog
plane rabotig
plan planog
plait plektaĵog
plait plektig
plaintive plendag
plaint plendog
plainness simplecog
plainly simple
plain senornamag
plain malbelag
plague pesto—egog
plagiarist verkoŝtelistog
placid kvietag
place lokog
placard afiŝo
placable kvietebla
pivot aksog
pity kompati
pitiless senkompatag
pitiful kompatindag
pitiable kompatindag
pith sukog
pitfall enfalujog
piteous kompatindag
pitchfork forkegog
pitcher kruĉog
pitch peĉog
piston piŝtog
pistol pafiletog
piscina naĝejog
pirate marrabistog
piracy marrabo—adog
pique ofendig
piquant pikag
piquancy pikecog
pious piag
pioneer pionirog
pinnacle pinto
pineapple ananasog
pining sopirantag
pinch pinĉig
pincers prenilog
pince-nez nazumog
pin pinglog
pimple aknog
pilot piloto
pillow-case kusentegog
pillow kapkusenog
pillory punejog
pillar kolonog
pillage rabegi—adog
pill pilolog
pilgrimage pilgrimo—adog
pilgrim pilgrimantog
pilferer ŝtelistog
pilfer ŝteletig
piles hemorojdog
pigmy pigmeog
pigeon-house kolombejog
pigeon kolombog
pig porkog
piety piecog
pierce trabori
piece pecog
piebald multkolorag
pie pasteĉog
picturesque pentrindag
picture pentraĵog
pictorial ilustritag
picnic kampfestenog
pickpocket friponog
pickaxe pikfosilog
piaster piastrog
piano fortepianog
physiology fiziologiog
physiognomy fizionomiog
physics naturscienco
physician fizikisto
physical fizikag
physic kuracilog
phthisical ftizag
phthisis ftizog
phraseology frazeologiog
phrase frazerog
photography fotografartog
photographer fotografistog
photograph fotografaĵog
phosphorus fosforog
phonograph fonografog
phonetic fonetikag
phoenix feniksog
phlegmatic flegmag
phlegm flegmo
philosophy filozofiog
philosophise filozofiig
philosopher filozofog
philology filologiog
philologist filologiistog
philately filatelog
philatelist filatelistog
philatelic filatelag
philanthropy filantropecog
philanthropist filantropog
phial boteletog
phenomenon fenomenog
pheasantry fazanejog
pheasant fazanog
phase fazog
pharynx faringog
pharos lumturog
pharmacist farmaciistog
phantom apero
pewter stanog
pew preĝbenkog
petulant petolag
petulance petolecog
petty malgrandag
pettish malĝentilag
petticoat subjupog
petroleum petrolog
petrify ŝtonigig
petition petskribog
petition petegig
petard petardog
petal florfolietog
pet dorlotig
pestle pistilog
pestilential pesta
pestilence pestog
pestiferous pestag
pester enui
pest pestog
pervious penetreblag
perversion malkonverto
pervert malkonverti
perverse obstina
pervade penetrig
peruse legadi
perusal legadog
peruke perukog
perturbation turmentadog
perturb konfuzi
pertinacity obstineco
pertinacious trudpetag
pert malrespektag
persuasive konvinkag
persuade konvinkig
perspire ŝvitig
perspiration ŝvitog
perspicacity sagacecog
perspicuous sagacag
perspective perspektivog
personification personiĝog
personate personiĝi
personate reprezentig
personality personecog
personal personag
personage personog
person personog
persistency persistecog
persistent persistag
persistance persisto—adog
persist persistig
persevere persistig
perseverance persistog
persecution persekutadog
persecute persekutig
perruquier perukistog
perron peronog
perplexity konfuzeco
perplex konfuzi
perpetuate daŭrigig
perpetual eternag
perpetrate elfarig
perpendicular perpendikularag
pernicious pereigag
permutation interŝanĝog
permit permesig
permissive permesag
permission permesog
permeable penetreblag
permanent konstanta
perjury ĵurrompog
periwig perukog
peritoneum peritoneog
peristyle peristilog
perishable pereemag
perish pereig
periphery ĉirkaŭo
periphrase ĉirkaŭfrazog
periodicity periodecog
periodic—al periodag
period periodog
perimeter perimetro
peril danĝerog
perigee perigeog
perhaps ebleg
perfumer parfumistog
perfume parfumo
perfume parfumig
performer farantog
perforate trabori
perfidy perfido
perfidious perfidag
perfection perfektecog
perfect perfektag
perfect perfektigig
perennial persistag
peremptory absolutag
perdition ruinego
percolate tragutig
perception sentog
perceptible palpebla
percentage procentog
perceive sentig
perambulator infanveturilog
perambulate promeni
peradventure eble
pepper-caster piprujog
pepper-box piprujog
pepper piprog
peopled homhavag
people popolo
peony peoniog
penury malriĉecog
penurious avarag
penultimate antaŭlastag
pentecost pentekostog
pentagon kvinangulog
pensive pensa
pensioner pensiulog
pension pensiog
penniless senmonag
penny pencog
pennant flagetog
penknife tranĉiletog
penitentiary pentfarejog
penitent pentag
penitence pentog
peninsula duoninsulog
penholder plumingog
penetrable penetreblag
penetrate penetrig
pendulum pendolog
pendant pendaĵog
penchant inklino—emog
penance punog
penalty puno
penal punag
pen-name pseŭdonomog
pen plumog
pelt felog
pellucid diafanag
pell-mell intermiksita
pellicle membranetog
pellet kugleto
pelisse peltog
pelican pelikanog
pelf monog
pelerine manteletog
peg ŝtopiletog
peevishness malafablecog
peevish malafabla
peerless senegala
peerage nobelarog
peer esplori
peer nobelog
peep rigardetig
peel senŝeligig
pediment fruntaĵog
pedigree deveno
pedestrian piedirantog
pedestal piedestalog
peddle kolportig
peddler kolportistog
pedant pedantog
pedal pedalog
pedagogy pedagogiog
pedagogue pedagogog
pecuniary monag
peculiar strangag
peccadillo peketog
pebble marŝtono
peat torfog
peasant vilaĝano
pearl perlog
pear-tree pirarbog
pear pirog
peak pinto
peacock pavog
peach persikog
peacefully paceg
peaceful pacemag
peaceably paceg
peaceable pacemag
peace pacog
pea pizog
payable pageblag
pay pagig
pawn-office pruntoficejog
pawnbroker's pruntoficejog
pawnbroker pruntistog
pawn garantiaĵog
paw piedegog
pavilion tendo
paving-stone pavimerog
pavement pavimog
pave pavimig
pause paŭzog
pauper malriĉulo
paunch ventrog
pattern patrono
patter gutetig
patronize favori
patronage protektog
patron proktektanto
patrol patrolog
patriotism patriotismog
patriot patriotog
patriarch patriarkog
patient paciencag
patience paciencog
pathos patosog
pathology patologiog
pathetic kortuŝantag
path vojo
paternity patrecog
paternal patrag
patentee patentitog
patent patentog
patella genuostog
patchwork flikaĵog
patch flikig
pat frapetig
pasturage paŝtaĵo
pasture herbejo
pastry-shop kukejog
pastry pastecog
pastoral kampag
pastor pastrog
pastime amuzaĵog
pastille pastelog
pastel paŝtelog
pasteboard kartonog
paste pastog
past estintecog
past estintag
password signaldirog
passport pasportog
passive pasivag
passionate pasia
passion kolera
passion manio
passer-by pasantog
passenger vojaĝantog
passage trairejog
passable nebonag
parvenu elsaltulog
party partiog
partridge perdrikog
partner partoprenanto
partly parteg
partition divido
partition dividig
partisan partianog
particular specialag
particle pecero
participle participog
participate partoprenig
participant partoprenantog
partiality partiecog
partial partiag
parterre florbedog
partake partoprenig
part parto
parson pastrog
parsnip pastinakog
parsley petroselog
parsimony parcimoniog
parrot papagog
parroquet papagetog
parricide patromortigintog
paroxysm frenezo
parody parodiog
parochial paroĥag
parlour parolejog
parliamentary parlamentag
parley paroladig
park parkog
parity egalecog
parish-priest paroĥestrog
parishioner paroĥanog
parish paroĥog
paring ŝelo—aĵog
parental gepatrag
parentage naskiĝo
parents gepatrojg
parenthesis parentezog
pare ŝelig
pardonable pardoneblag
pardon pardonog
pardon pardoni
parchment pergamenog
parch sekigig
parcels-office pakaĵejog
parcel pako
parboil duonbolig
parasol sunombrelog
parasitic parazitag
parasite parazitog
paraphrase parafrazog
parapet randmurog
paramour kromviro—inog
paramount superegag
paralytic paralizito—ulog
paralysis paralizo—adog
paralyze paralizig
parallel paralelag
paragraph paragrafog
paragon perfektmodelo
paradox paradoksog
paradise paradizog
parade vidaĵo
parade paradig
parabola parabolog
parable komparaĵog
papyrus papirusog
paper-shop ĵurnalvendejog
paper-mill paperfarejog
paper-manufactory paperfarejog
paper-maker paperistog
paper-hanger paperkovristo
paper paperog
papal papag
papa patreto
pap kaĉog
pantry manĝaĵejog
pantomime pantomimog
panther panterog
pantheist panteistog
pantheism panteismog
pantaloons pantalonog
pant spiregig
pansy violog
pannier korbegog
panic terurog
pang dolorog
panel enkadraĵog
panegyrist laŭdegistog
panegyric laŭdadog
pane vitraĵog
pan tervazog
pamphlet pamfletog
pamper dorlotig
paltry trivialag
palsy paralizetog
palpitation korbato—adog
palpitate korbati
palpable palpeblag
palm-tree palmarbog
palm palmobranĉog
pallet paletrog
pallid palegag
pall ĉerkokovrilog
pall supersatig
palisade palisaro—aĵog
paling palisaro—aĵog
paletot paltog
paleontology paleontologiog
paleography paleografiog
paleness palecog
pale palag
palatable bongustag
palate palatog
palanquin palankenog
palace palacog
pair parog
pair kunigig
painting pentradog
paint kolorilo
paint pentri
painless sendolorag
painful dolorag
pain dolorig
pail sitelog
pagoda pagodog
pageant vidaĵo
page paĝog
page-boy paĝio
pagan idolanog
paddock kampetog
padding vato—aĵog
pad vatig
pack-saddle ŝarĝselog
packet-boat kurierŝipog
packet pako—aĵog
packer pakistog
package pakado
pack pakig
pachydermatous dikhaŭtag
pacify trankviligi
pacification pacigog
pacifically pace
pacific pacemag
pace paŝig
pa patreto
oyster ostrog
oxygen oksigenog
oxide oksidog
ox bovog
own proprag
owl strigo
owe ŝuldig
overwhelm premegig
overweening tromemfidag
overturn renversig
overthrow renversig
overtake atingig
overstep transpaŝig
overseer observisto
overrun enpenetrig
overpower venki
overplus preteraĵo
overlook malatenti
overhead supreg
overflow superfluig
overcome venkig
overcoat supervestog
overcharge supertaksog
overcast malklara
overbearing aŭtokrata
overall surtutog
oven fornog
ovation laŭdadog
ovary ovujog
oval ovalag
outside ekstereg
outskirts ĉirkaŭaĵog
outset komencog
outright tuteg
outrage perfortog
outrage insultegi
outpost antaŭpostenog
outlive postvivig
outline skizo
outlet elirog
outlay elspezog
outlaw elpelitog
outlaw forpelig
outfit vestarog
outermost plejeksterag
outer eksterag
outcome elvenog
outcast ekzilo
outbid plioferi
oust forpelig
ounce uncog
otter lutrog
otherwise alie
other aliag
ostrich strutog
ostracism ostracismog
ostentatious trudpompag
ostentation fanfaronado
ostensible videblag
ossify ostiĝig
osier salikog
oscillate vibri
ortolan hortulanog
orthography ortografiog
orthodox ortodoksag
orphanage orfejog
orphan orfo—inog
ornithology ornitologiog
ornamentation ornamaĵog
ornament ornamig
ornament ornamog
originate devenigi—iĝig
original originalag
origin devenog
orifice truo
oriental orientag
orient orientog
organization organizog
organize organizig
organism organismog
organic organag
organ organog
ore minaĵog
ordnance artileriog
ordinary kutima
ordinance ordonog
orderly ordag
ordeal provo
ordain ordenig
orchestra orkestrog
orchard fruktarbejog
oratory elokventecog
orator oratoro
oration paroladog
orangery oranĝeriog
orange oranĝog
oral voĉa
oracle orakolog
or aŭg
opusculum libreto
opulent riĉag
opulence riĉecog
option elekto—aĵog
optimist optimistog
optimism optimismog
optician optikistog
optical optikag
optics optikog
opprobrium malnobleco
oppressor tirano
oppress subpremig
opposition kontraŭmeto—adog
oppose kontraŭmeti
opportunity okazog
opportune ĝustatempag
opponent kontraŭulog
opium opiog
operetta operetog
operative ageblag
operative metiistog
operation operaciog
operatic operag
operate funkciig
opera-house operejog
opera-glass lornetog
opera operog
openly nekaŝeme
open-hearted malkovranimag
open malfermig
opaque maldiafanag
opal opalog
ooze tragutetig
onyx oniksog
onward antaŭe
ontology ontologiog
onset atakog
only nurg
onion bulbog
oneness unuecog
one-eyed unuokulag
one unug
on surg
omniscient ĉiosciag
omnipresence ĉieestog
omnipotent ĉiopovag
omnibus omnibusog
omit formeti
omission formetadog
ominous gravegag
omen antaŭsignog
omelet ovaĵog
olive-shaped olivformag
olive olivog
oligarchy oligarkiog
oldness malnovecog
ointment ŝmiraĵog
oilcloth vakstolog
oil oleog
often ofteg
offspring ido
officious agamag
officiate agig
official oficialag
official oficistog
office oficejog
offering oferdono
offensive ofendag
offender ofendantog
offend ofendig
offence peketo
of deg
odorous odorag
odour odorog
odium malamog
odious malamindag
ode odog
oddly strangeg
oculist okulistog
ocularly okuleg
ocular okulag
october oktobrog
octave oktavog
ochre okrog
oceania oceaniog
ocean oceanog
occurrence okazog
occur okazig
occupy okupig
occupation okupog
occupant okupanto
occult kaŝatag
occasional okazag
occasion okazog
obvious videbla
obviate malhelpig
obtuse malakra
obtrusive trudemag
obtrusion trudo—ecog
obtrude trudig
obtain ricevi
obstruction baro
obstruct obstrukcig
obstinate obstinag
obstinacy obstinecog
obstacle baro
obsolete troantikvag
observatory observatoriog
observation observo—adog
observant observemag
obsequies enterigirog
obscurity senlumeco
obscure malhelag
obscure mallumigig
obscene malbonmora
obnoxious ofendegag
oblong longformag
oblivious forgesag
oblivion forgesog
obliterate surstrekig
obliquity oblikvecog
oblique oblikvag
obliging servemag
obligatory devigag
obligation devog
oblation oferog
objectionable riproĉeblindag
objection kontraŭparolog
object objektog
object kontraŭparolig
obituary nekrologiog
obey obeig
obesity vastkorpecog
obese grasegag
obelisk obeliskog
obeisance riverencog
obedient obeag
obedience obeog
obdurate obstinag
obduracy obstinecog
oatmeal griog
oasis oazog
oar remilog
oakum stupog
oak kverkog
oaf idiotulog
nymph nimfog
nutritious nutrag
nutriment nutraĵog
nutmeg muskatog
nut nuksog
nurture elnutrig
nursery infanĉambrog
nursemaid vartistino
nurseling suĉinfanog
nurse flegistinog
nurse nutristinog
nuptial edziĝag
nunnery monaĥinejog
nuncio nunciog
nun monaĥinog
numerously multegeg
numerous multag
numerical nombrag
numeral numerog
number numerog
numbness rigidecog
numb rigidigig
nullify nuligig
null nuligag
nudity nudecog
nude nudag
nozzle nazetog
noxious malutila
nowhere nenieg
nowadays nuntempeg
now nung
novitiate provtempog
noviceship novicecog
novice novulog
november novembrog
novelty novaĵog
nourishment nutraĵog
nourishing nutrag
nourish nutrig
noun substantivog
nought neniog
nought nulog
notwithstanding tameng
notorious malglorag
notoriety konatecog
notion ekkonog
notify sciigig
notification sciigog
notice avizog
notice rimarkig
nothing neniog
notebook notlibretog
note noti
notary notariog
notable fama
not neg
nostril naztruog
nosegay bukedog
nosebag manĝujog
nose nazog
northern nordag
northerly nordag
north nordog
normal normalag
nor nekg
noose ligotuberog
noon tagmezog
nook anguletog
non-success malprosperog
nonsense sensencaĵo
nonentity neestaĵog
none neniomg
nondescript nepriskribag
nonconformist nekonformistog
nonchalance apatiog
nominative nominativog
nominal nominalag
nomenclature nomarog
nom-de-plume pseŭdonomog
nomadic migrantag
nomad migrantog
noisome naŭza
noise bruog
no neg
nocuous pereigag
nocturnal noktag
nobody neniug
nobleness noblecog
nobleman nobelog
noble noblag
nobility nobelarog
nitre salpetrog
nippers preniletog
nip pinĉig
ninny simplanimulog
nine naŭg
nimbus glorkronog
nimble viglag
nightmare terursonĝog
nightingale najtingalog
nightly noktag
night noktog
nigh proksimag
niggard avarulog
niece nevinog
nicotine nikotinog
nickname moknomog
nickel nikelog
niche niĉog
nice agrablag
nibble mordetig
next sekvantag
new day
newspaper ĵurnalog
news sciigo
new novag
nevertheless tameng
never neniamg
neutrality neŭtralecog
neutral neŭtralag
neuter neŭtrag
neuralgia neŭralgiog
network retaĵog
nettle urtikog
netting retaĵog
net retog
nestling birdidog
nestle kuŝiĝetig
nest nestog
nervousness nervecog
nervous nervag
nerve nervog
nepotism nepotismog
nephew nevog
neologism neologismog
neo-latin novlatinag
neither nekg
neighbouring samlimag
neighbourhood ĉirkaŭaĵog
neighbour najbarog
neigh ĉevalblekig
negro nigrulog
negotiation negocadog
negotiate negocig
negligence malatentog
negligent malatentag
neglectful senzorgag
neglected nezorgitag
negative neag
negation neadog
needy malriĉag
needle kudrilog
needful bezona
need malriĉecog
need bezonig
nectar nektarog
necromancer nekromancisto
necrology nekrologiog
necktie kravatog
necklace ĉirkaŭkolog
neckcloth koltukog
neck kolog
necessity necesecog
necessary necesag
nebulous nebulag
neatness pureco
neat pura
nearness proksimecog
nearly preskaŭg
near proksimag
nay neg
navvy terfosistog
navy ŝiparog
navigation marveturadog
navigate marveturig
navigable ŝipireblag
naval ŝipag
nautical ŝipag
nauseous naŭzag
nauseate naŭzig
nausea naŭzog
naughty malbonag
naught nulog
nature naturog
naturalness naturalecog
naturally natureg
naturalist naturalistog
naturalism naturalismog
natural naturag
nativity naskiĝog
native-land patrujog
native enlandag
native landano
nationality naciecog
national naciag
nation naciog
natation naĝartog
nasty malagrablag
nasal nazag
narrowness mallarĝecog
narrowly mallarĝeg
narrow mallarĝag
narrative rakontog
narrate rakontig
narcotic narkotikog
narcissus narcisog
napkin buŝtukog
nape nukog
nankeen nankenog
namesake samnomulog
namely nomeg
name nomig
naked nudag
naive naivag
nail najlig
nadir nadirog
mythology mitologiog
myth mitog
mystification mistifikog
mystify mistifikig
mystery misterog
mysterious misterag
myrtle mirtog
myrrh mirhog
myriametre miriametrog
myriad miriadog
myosotis miozotog
myopy miopecog
myoptic miopa
my mia
muzzle buŝumig
mutually reciprokeg
mutual reciprokag
mutton ŝafaĵog
mutter murmurig
mutiny ribelog
mutinous ribelag
mutilate vundegig
mute mutulog
mute mutag
mutation ŝanĝadog
musty malfreŝag
muster kunvenigig
mustard mustardog
must mostog
mussel mitulog
muslin muslinog
musket pafilog
muskrat miogalog
musician muzikistog
musical muzikag
music muzikog
mushroom fungog
museum muzeog
muse revig
muse muzog
muscular muskolag
muscle muskolog
murmur murmurig
murky malhela
murderer mortigantog
murder mortigog
murder mortigig
munificent malavarag
munificence malavarecog
municipal urbag
mundane mondag
munch maĉig
mummy mumog
mumble murmurig
multiplier multigantog
multiplied multigitag
multiplication multigadog
multiplicand multigatog
multiple multoblog
mulish obstinag
muleteer mulistog
mule mulog
mulberry morusog
mug pokaleto
muffle envolvig
muff mufog
mudguard kotŝirmilog
mud ŝlimo
mucus mukog
much multag
mow falĉig
movement movadog
move movig
movable moveblag
mouth buŝog
moustache lipharojg
mouse-trap muskaptilog
mouse musog
mournful funebrag
mourn malĝoji
mountebank ĵonglistog
mountain-range montarog
mountainous montag
mountaineer montanog
mountain montog
mount montetog
mount suprenirig
mound remparo
mouldy ŝimag
mould modelilog
motto devizog
motor movilo
motive movigag
motive kaŭzog
motionless senmovag
motion movog
mother patrinog
moth tineog
mostly plejeg
most plejg
moss muskog
mosquito kulog
mosaic mozaikog
mortify humiligig
mortify gangrenig
mortification gangrenog
mortification humiligog
mortgage hipotekog
morsel pecetog
morrow morgaŭtagog
moroseness malgajecog
morose malgajag
morning matenog
moribund mortantog
morgue mortulejog
moreover plieg
more plug
mordant mordag
morbid malsanag
morass marĉejo—aĵog
morals etiko
morality moralecog
moral moralag
mope malĝojiĝig
moot disputeblag
moor stepog
moonlight lunbrilog
moon lunog
moody silentemag
mood modog
monument monumentog
month monatog
monstrous monstrag
monster monstrog
monosyllable unusilabog
monopoly monopolog
monopolise monopoligig
monomania monomaniog
monologue monologog
monogram monogramog
monograph monografog
monkey simiog
monk monaĥog
monitor avertulo
mongrel hibridag
money-order poŝtmandatog
money monog
monetary monag
monday lundog
monastery monaĥejog
monarchy monarĥejog
monarch monarĥog
momentous gravegag
mollusk moluskog
mollify moderigig
molest turmenti
molasses mielsiropog
moisture malseketaĵog
moisten malseketigig
moist malseketag
moiety duonog
modulation moduladog
modulate modulig
modify ŝanĝig
modesty modestecog
modest modestag
modern modernag
moderation moderecog
moderate moderigig
moderate moderag
model modelig
model modelog
mode modog
mockery moko—ecog
mock mokig
mobilise mobilizig
mobile moveblag
mob amasog
moat fosaĵog
moan ĝemig
mixture miksaĵog
mix miksig
mitigate moderigig
mitre mitrog
mite akarog
misuse maluzi
misunderstand malkomprenig
misty nebuletag
mistrust suspektig
mistrust malfidog
mistletoe viskog
mistake erarog
mist nebuletog
missionary misiistog
mission misiog
missing mankag
missile ĵetarmilog
miss fraŭlinog
miss mankig
misrepresent falsreprezentig
misprint preserarog
misplaced neĝustlokag
mislead erarigig
mislay erarigi
misinform malsciigig
mishap malfeliĉog
misgiving dubog
misinterpretation kontraŭsencog
misfortune malfeliĉog
misery mizerog
miserly avarag
miserable malgajag
miser avarulog
misdemeanour krimetog
misdeed malbonfarog
miscreant malbonulog
misconduct malbonkondutig
misconception malkompreno—ecog
mischievous malbonemag
mischief malboneco
mischance malfeliĉog
miscellaneous miksita
miscarry malsukcesig
miscalculation kalkulerarog
misbehave malbonkondutig
misanthrope homevitulog
misapprehension malkomprenog
misapprehend malkomprenig
misapply eraralmetig
miry ŝlimhavag
mirth gajeco
mirror spegulog
mire ŝlimo
miraculous miraklag
miracle miraklog
minutiæ detaletog
minute malgrandegag
minute menuetog
mint mentog
minstrel bardo
minority malplimultog
ministry ministrarog
minimum minimumog
miniature miniaturog
mingle miksig
mineralogy mineralogiog
mineral mineralog
miner ministog
mine subfosig
mine mia
mindful zorgag
mind spiritog
mince haketig
mimic imitig
milt laktumog
million milionog
millinery galanteriog
milliner ĉapelistinog
millimeter milimetrog
milligram miligramog
millet miliog
millenium miljarog
miller muelistog
mill-house muelejog
mill muelilog
milk laktog
milk melkig
militia militantarog
military militag
militant militag
mile mejlog
mildness dolĉecog
mildew ŝimog
mild dolĉag
milch laktodonag
migrate migrig
mignonette resedog
mighty potencag
might potencog
mien mienog
midwife akuŝistinog
midsummer duonjaro
midnight noktomezog
middle mezag
middle centrog
midday tagmezog
microscope mikroskopog
microbe mikrobog
mica glimog
miasma miasmog
mew katblekig
mettle fervoro
metropolis ĉefurbog
metric metrag
metre metrog
method metodog
meter mezurilog
meteorology meteorologiog
meteor meteorog
mete dividi
metaphor metaforog
metallurgy metalurgiog
metallic metalag
metal metalog
messmate kunmanĝantog
messiah savonto
messenger senditog
message depeŝog
mess kunmanĝig
mesh maŝog
merry gajag
merriment gajecog
mermaid sirenog
merit meritig
merit meritog
meridian meridianog
merely nureg
mere nurag
mercy kompato—ecog
mercury hidrargog
merciful kompata—emag
merchant negocistog
merchandise komercaĵog
mercenary subaĉeteblag
mercenary dungatog
mercantile komercag
menu manĝokartog
mention citi
mental spiritag
menses monataĵog
menial servulog
mendicant almozulog
mendacity mensogecog
menagery bestejog
menacing minacag
menace minacig
memory memorog
memorial memoraĵog
memorandum notog
memorable memorindag
memento memoraĵog
membrane membranog
melt fluidiĝig
melon melonog
melodrama melodramog
melody melodiog
melodious melodiag
mellow maturag
melancholy melankoliag
melancholy melankoliog
meeting-place kunvenejog
meeting renkontog
meet renkontig
meek humilegag
medium mezag
mediterranean mezomarog
meditation meditog
meditate meditig
mediocre malbonetag
medicine kuracilog
medicinal medicinag
medicament kuracilog
medical medicinag
mediator perulog
mediate perag
mediate perig
mediæval mezepokag
meddle enmiksiĝig
medallion medalionog
medal medalog
mechanical meĥanikag
mechanics meĥanikog
mechanism meĥanismog
mechanic metiistog
meat viandog
measurement mezuraĵo—ecog
measure mezurilog
measure mezurig
measles morbilog
meaning signifog
mean signifig
meal manĝog
meadow herbejog
mazurka mazurkog
maze labirintog
mayor urbestrog
mayhap ebleg
may-bug majskarabog
maximum maksimumog
maxim proverbog
maxillary makzelag
maul bategig
maturity maturecog
mature maturigi—iĝig
mature maturag
mattress matracog
mattock pikfosilog
matter materialog
matter ŝtofog
matron patrinog
matrix uterog
matrimony geedzecog
mathematician matematikistog
maternity patrinecog
maternal patrinag
materialist materialistog
materialism materialismog
material materialog
mate kunulog
mate ŝipoficirog
matchmaker alumetistog
matchless nekompareblag
match kompari
match-box alumetujog
match alumeto
mat matog
mastiff korthundog
mastication maĉadog
masticate maĉig
mastic mastikog
masterpiece ĉefverkog
mast mastog
massive masivag
massacre buĉadog
massacre elmortigig
mass amasog
mass mesog
masquerade maskitarog
mason masonistog
mask maskig
mask maskog
masher dandog
mash miksaĵog
masculine virseksag
masculine virag
marvellous mirindag
marvel mirindaĵog
marvel mirig
martyrdom suferog
martyrdom turmentog
martyr suferantog
martyr turmentitog
martingale kapdetenilog
marten mustelog
martial militama—emag
mart vendejog
marshal marŝalog
marsh marĉog
marry geedziĝig
marriageable edzigeblag
marquis markizog
marmot marmotog
marmalade fruktaĵog
marl kalkargilog
market vendejog
mark markog
maritime marag
marionette marionetog
mariner maristog
marine marsoldatog
marine marag
marigold kalendulog
margin marĝenog
mare ĉevalinog
marchioness markizinog
march marŝadog
march marŝig
marble marmorog
maraud rabetig
mar difekti
map karto
many multajg
many multog
manuscript manuskriptog
manure sterkog
manufacture fabrikog
manufacture fabrikig
manufactory fabrikejog
manual lernolibrog
manual manag
mantle mantelog
manslaughter mortbatog
mansion domegog
manometer manometrog
manners morojg
mannered bonmorag
manner manierog
manna manaog
manliness virecog
manly virag
mankind homarog
manikin kvazaŭhomog
manifold multenombrag
manifesto manifestog
manifest klarag
manifest evidentag
manifest elmontrig
maniac frenezulog
mania maniog
manhood virecog
manger manĝujog
mange bestjuko—skabiog
manganese manganog
mane kolhararog
mandarin mandarinog
mandate skribordono
manager administrantog
management administradog
manage administrig
man homog
mammal mamsuĉbestog
mama patrinetog
maltreat batig
mallow malvog
mallet martelegog
malleable etendeblag
malignant malicemag
malign kalumniig
malicious malicag
malevolence malbonvolog
malefactor krimulog
malediction malbenog
male virog
malcontent malkontentulog
malady malsanog
malachite malakitog
make farig
majority plimultog
majesty majestog
majestic majestag
maize maizog
maintenance subtenadog
maintain subtenig
mainly ĉefeg
maim vundegig
mail poŝtog
maid-servant servistinog
maidenly virgag
maiden virgulinog
maid fraŭlinog
mahometan mahometanog
mahomet mahometog
mahogany mahagonog
magpie pigog
magnitude grandecog
magnify pligrandigig
magnificent belegag
magnetism magnetismog
magnetise magnetizig
magnet magnetog
magnanimous grandanimag
magistrate magistratog
magisterial majstratag
magician magiistog
magic magiog
maggot akarog
magazine revuo
madrigal madrigalog
madness frenezecog
madly frenezeg
madden frenezigig
madam sinjorinog
mad frenezag
machinist maŝinistog
machinery radaro
machine maŝinog
macaroni makaroniog
macadam makadamog
lyre lirog
lynx linkog
lymph limfog
lye lesivog
lyceum liceog
luxurious luksag
luxury luksog
lutheran luteranog
lute liutog
lusty fortegag
lustre brilog
lust avidecog
luscious bongustag
lurid malhelag
lure trompi
lurch ŝanceliĝig
lung pulmog
lunch tagmezomanĝog
lunatic lunatikulog
lunar lunag
lunacy lunatikecog
lump bulog
luminous lumigag
luminary lumigilog
lullaby lulkantog
lull kvietigig
lukewarm varmetag
luggage pakaĵog
ludicrous ridindag
lucrative profitag
lucky ŝanca
luck ŝanco
lucid klarag
lozenge pastelog
loyalty fidelecog
loyal fidelag
lowliness humilecog
lowly humilag
lower mallevig
lover amanto
love amig
louse pedikog
lounger vagulog
lough lagog
loudness laŭtecog
loudly laŭteg
loud laŭtag
lottery loteriog
lot lotaĵog
loss perdog
lose perdig
lordly noblag
lop ĉirkaŭhakig
loosen ellasig
loose ellasag
loom teksilog
looking-glass spegulog
look mieno
longitude longog
long longag
loneliness solecog
loiter vagig
loins lumbojg
logogriph logogrifog
logic logikog
logarithm logaritmog
log ŝtipog
lofty altegag
lodgings loĝejog
lodger luantog
locksmith seruristog
locomotive lokomotivog
lockjaw tetanog
lock serurog
lock ŝlosig
loch lagog
locality lokog
local lokag
lobster omarog
lobby vestiblog
loathsome naŭzizag
loathe malamegig
loan pruntog
loaf bulkegog
loadstone magnetog
load ŝarĝog
load ŝarĝig
lizard lacertog
living vivag
livery livreo
liver hepatog
lively viglag
live vivig
liturgy liturgiog
littoral marbordog
littleness malgrandecog
litter pajlaĵog
litre litrog
litigious procesemag
litigation procesadog
lithography litografartog
lithographer litografistog
lithograph litografig
lithe aktivag
literature literaturog
literateur literaturistog
literary literaturag
literally laŭlitereg
literal laŭliterag
litany litaniog
listless senviglag
listen aŭskultig
list registrog
lisp lispig
liquorice glicirizog
liquor likvorog
liquidator likvidantog
liquidation likvidog
liquidate likvidig
liquid fluidaĵog
liquid fluidag
liquefy fluidigig
lip lipog
lion leonog
lint ĉarpiog
link torĉog
lining subŝtofog
linger prokrastiĝig
linen-room tolaĵejog
linen tolog
line subŝtofig
line liniog
linden tiliog
limpid klaregag
limp lami
limit limog
limit limigig
limestone kalkŝtonog
lime kalkog
limb membrog
lily liliog
lilac siringog
likewise simileg
likelihood verŝajnog
like similag
like ametig
lighthouse lumturog
lightning-conductor fulmoŝirmilog
lightning fulmog
lighten malpezigig
light lumo
light lumig
ligature bandaĝilog
ligament tendenog
lift homlevilog
lift levig
lifetime dumvivog
lifelong dumvivag
lifeguard korpogardistog
life vivog
lieutenant leŭtenantog
lien garantiaĵog
lie mensogog
lichen likenog
licentious malbonmorag
licentiate licencatog
license permesog
libretto libretog
library bibliotekog
librarian bibliotekistog
liberty liberecog
libertine malĉastulog
liberate liberigig
libel kalumniig
libation oferverŝog
liar mensogulog
liability respondecog
liable respondag
lexicon leksikonog
lewd malĉastag
levity malseriozog
lever levilog
level nivelag
letter-case leterujog
lethargy letargiog
lessor luigantog
lesson lecionog
lessen plimalgrandigig
lessee luantog
less malplig
leprous leprag
leprosy leprog
leper leprulog
leopard leopardog
lentil lentog
lenient malseverag
leniency malseverecog
lengthen plilongigig
length longecog
lender pruntantog
lend prunti
lemonade limonadog
lemon citronog
leisure libertempog
legitimate laŭleĝag
legitimate rajtag
legislator leĝfarantog
legislative leĝigantag
legislate leĝdonig
legion legiog
legible legeblag
legend legendog
legation senditarog
legal leĝag
legacy heredaĵog
lees feĉog
leech hirudog
lecture paroladog
leaven fermentilog
leave lasig
leather ledog
least malplejg
leash ligilog
lease lukontraktog
learn lernig
leap saltig
lean malgrasag
lean klinig
leak gutetig
leaguer liganog
leaf foliog
lead kondukig
lazy mallaboremag
laziness mallaborecog
layman nereligiulog
laxative laksilog
lax laksag
lawyer legistog
lawsuit procesog
lawn herbejog
lawful rajtag
lavish malŝparag
lava lafog
laurel laŭrog
laundry lavejog
laundress lavistinog
laughter ridadog
laughable ridindag
laugh ridig
laudation laŭdegog
laudable laŭdeblag
laud laŭdig
lattice palisplektaĵog
latter lasta
latin latinag
lather sapumaĵo
lather sapumig
lathe tornilog
lath palisetog
lateral flankag
latent kaŝitag
lateness malfruecog
late malfruag
latch pordrisorto
last lastag
lasso kaptoŝnurog
lassitude laciĝog
lass junulinog
lascivious voluptemag
larynx laringog
larva larvog
lark alaŭdog
largely grandegeg
large grandag
larder manĝaĵejog
lard porkograsog
larch larikog
larceny ŝtelog
lap leki
lantern lanternog
lank maldikag
languish malfortiĝig
languid malfortikag
language lingvog
lane stratetog
landslip terdisfalog
landscape pejzaĝog
landmark terlimŝtonog
landlord bienulo
landgrave landgrafog
lancet lancetog
lance lancog
lamprey petromizog
lampoon satirog
lamp lampog
lamentable bedaŭrindag
lament bedaŭrig
lamb ŝafidog
lake lagog
laity nereligiulojg
lair nestegog
laical nereligiag
lag malakcelig
lady sinjorino
lading ŝarĝo—adog
lade ŝarĝig
ladder ŝtupetarog
lad knabo
laconism lakonismog
laconic lakonag
lack bezonog
lacerate disŝirig
lace pasamentog
lace laĉig
labyrinth labirintog
labourer laboristog
labour laborig
labour laborog
laboratory laborejog
laborious laboremag
label surskribetog
koran koranog
kopeck kopekog
knuckle artikog
know sciig
knout skurĝog
knot ligtuberog
knock frapig
knob butonog
knitting-needle trikilog
knit triki
knight kavalirog
knife-blade tranĉantog
knife tranĉilog
kneel genufleksig
kneecap genuostog
knee genuog
kneading-trough knedujog
knead knedig
knavery friponecog
knave friponog
knapsack tornistrog
knacker defelistog
knack lertecog
kitchen-jack turnrostilog
kitchen-gardener legomĝardenistog
kitchen-garden legoma
kitchen kuirejog
kiss kisig
kinsman parencog
kinsfolk parencarog
kingfisher alcionog
kingdom reĝolando
king reĝog
kindred parencarog
kindness bonecog
kindle ekbruligig
kind bonag
kin parencecog
kilometre kilometrog
kilolitre kilolitrog
kilogramme kilogramog
kill mortigig
kidney renog
kidnap forŝtelig
kid kapridog
kick piedfrapog
keystone ĉefŝtonog
keyboard klavarog
key ŝlosilog
kettle bolilog
kernel kernog
kennel hundejog
keg bareletog
keepsake memoraĵog
keeper gardantog
keep teni
keel kilog
kangaroo didelfog
kaleidoscope kalejdoskopog
juxtaposition apudmetog
juvenile junag
justly justeg
justify pravigig
justice justecog
juryman ĵurintog
jury juĝantarog
juror ĵurintog
junior neplenaĝag
june juniog
junction kuniĝog
jump saltig
jumble miksig
july juliog
juicy sukag
juice sukog
jugglery ĵongladog
juggler ĵonglistog
juggle ĵonglig
jug kruĉog
judicious prudentag
judicial juĝag
judge juĝantog
judge juĝig
jubilee jubileog
jubilant ĝojegag
joyous ĝojag
joy ĝojog
jowl buŝegog
jovial ĝojegag
journeyman taglaboristog
journey vojaĝog
jot jotog
jostle puŝegig
jolt ekskuig
jolly gajegag
joke ŝercig
joist trabog
jointly kuneg
joiner lignaĵistog
join kunigig
jocular ŝercemag
jocose ŝercemag
jockey rajdistog
job tasketog
jingle tintig
jilt koketulinog
jewess hebreinog
jeweller juvelistog
jewel-box juvelujog
jewel juvelog
jew hebreog
jetty digog
jetsam fukog
jesus jesuog
jesuit jezuitog
jest ŝercog
jest ŝercig
jessamine jasmenog
jerk ekskuog
jeopardy danĝerog
jelly ĝelatenog
jeer mokadig
jealousy ĵaluzog
jay garolog
jawbone makzelostog
jaw makzelog
javelin ĵetponardog
jaundice flavmalsanog
jasmine jasmenog
jar botelegog
japanese japanog
japan japanujog
january januarog
jam fruktaĵog
jailer gardistog
jail malliberejog
jaguar jaguarog
jagged dentag
jaded lacag
jacket jako
jackal ŝakalog
jackass azenvirog
jabber babilig
ivy hederog
ivory elefantostog
itinerant vojaĝantag
iteration ripetadog
item erog
itching jukog
itch jukig
italian italog
it ĝi
isthmus terkolog
issue elfluig
issue eldonig
israelite izraelidog
isolate izolig
isle insulog
islander insulanog
island insulog
is estasg
irritate incitig
irritable inciteblag
irreverence malriverencog
irresolute ŝanceliĝa
irreproachable neriproĉindag
irrepressible nehaltigeblag
irreparable neripareblag
irreligious malpiag
irregular neregulag
irradiate radiig
irony ironiog
ironmonger patvendistog
iron ferog
irksome peniga
irishman irlandanog
ire kolerog
irascible ekkoleremag
iodine jodog
involuntary senvolag
invoke alvokig
invoice fakturog
invite invitig
invitation invitog
invisible nevideblag
invincible nevenkeblag
invigorate vivigig
inveterate enradikitag
investigate esplorig
invert interŝanĝig
inventory katalogog
invention elpensog
invent elpensig
invasion ekokupadog
invariable neŝanĝeblag
invaluable netakseblag
invalidate nuligig
invalid malsanetulog
invalid nulag
invade enpenetrig
inutility senutilog
inure kutimigig
inundate superakvig
intrust komisiig
intrusion trudog
intruder trudulog
introduction enkondukog
introduce prezenti
intrinsic verag
intrigue intrigig
intricate malsimplag
intrepid kuraĝegag
intransitive netransitivag
intractable nedreseblag
intoxication ebriecog
intoxicated ebriag
intoxicate ebriigig
intolerant netoleremag
intolerable netolereblag
intimidate timigig
intimation sciigog
intimate sciigig
intimate intima
intimacy intimecog
intestine internaĵog
intestate sentestamentag
interweave kunplektig
interview intervidiĝog
intervention intermetog
intersect intersekciig
interrupt interrompig
interregnum interregnog
interrogatory demandag
interrogate demandig
interpreter tradukistog
interprete tradukig
interpose intermetig
internationality internaciecog
internationalist internaciistog
international internaciag
internally interneg
internal internag
intermittent intermitag
intermit intermitig
intermission intermitog
interminable senfinag
interment interigog
intermediate intera
intermeddle enmiksiĝig
interlude interaktog
interloper trudulog
interlocutor interparolantog
interline interliniig
interjection interjekciog
interior internog
interesting interesag
interest interesig
interest procentog
interdict malpermesig
intercourse interrilatog
intercessor propetulog
intercession propetog
intercept interkaptig
intercede propetig
intercalate intermetig
inter enterigig
intentional intencag
intention intencog
intent celog
intensity egecog
intense egag
intend intencig
intemperate malsobrag
intemperance malsobrecog
intelligent inteligentag
intelligence inteligentecog
intellect inteligentecog
integrity rektecog
integer tutciferog
intact sendifektag
insusceptible sensentemag
insurrection ribelog
insurgent ribelantog
insure asekurig
insurance asekurog
insult insultig
insulate soligi
insular insulag
insufficient nesufiĉag
insufferable nesufereblag
insubordination ribeleto—adog
instructor instruistog
instructive instruag
instruction instrukciog
instruct instruig
institution instituciog
institute institutog
institute fondig
instinct instinktog
instill infuzig
instigate instigig
instep piedartikog
instantaneous subitag
instant momentog
instance ekzemplog
instance ekzemplodonig
install loĝigig
instalment partpagog
inspire inspirig
inspire enspirig
inspiration inspirog
inspector inspektorog
inspect ekzamenig
insomnia sendormog
insolvent nepagokapablag
insoluble nesolveblag
insolent insultemag
insobriety malsobrecog
insnare allogi
insist insistig
insipid sengustag
insinuate proponetig
insincere nesincerag
insignificant sensignifag
insight elsciadog
insidious insidag
inside interneg
inseparable sendisiĝag
insertion enpresaĵog
insert enmetig
insensible sensentag
insecure danĝerag
insect insektog
inscrutable neserĉeblag
inscription surskribog
inscribe enskribig
insatiable nesatigeblag
insanity frenezecog
insane frenezag
insalubrious malsanigag
inroad ekokupog
inquisitor inkvizitorog
inquisitive sciamag
inquisition inkviziciog
inquiry demandog
inquire demandig
inquietude maltrankvilecog
inquest enketog
inopportune neĝustatempag
inoffensive neofendemag
inodorous senodorag
inoculate inokulig
innumerable nekalkuleblag
innocent senkulpag
innocence senkulpecog
inn gastejog
inmate loĝantog
ink inkog
injustice maljustecog
injury difektaĵog
injurious difektigag
inject enŝprucigig
initiator iniciatorog
initiate iniciatig
iniquity malboneco
inhuman nehumanag
inheritance heredaĵog
inherit heredig
inhale enspirig
inhabit loĝig
ingress enigog
ingredient elementaĵog
ingratitude sendankecog
ingot fandaĵog
ingenuous naivag
ingenuity lertecog
ingenious sagacag
infuze infuzig
infrequent maloftag
inform sciigig
inform informig
influenza gripog
influence influog
influence influig
inflexible nefleksebla
inflect fleksig
inflammation brulumog
inflammable bruliĝemag
inflame flamigig
infirmity malfortecog
infirmary malsanulejog
infirm malfortag
infinity multegog
infinite senlimag
infidelity malfidelecog
infernal inferag
inferiority malsuperecog
inferior malsuperag
infer implikig
infelicity malfeliĉecog
infect infektig
infatuation delogitecog
infantry infanteriog
infantile infanag
infant infanetog
infancy infanecog
infamy malgloro
infamous malglora
infallibly neerarebleg
infallibility neerareblecog
infallible neerareblag
inextricable nemalplekteblag
inexpressible neesprimeblag
inexplicable neklarigeblag
inexperience malspertecog
inexpedient nenecesa
inexhaustible nekonsumeblag
inexact malĝustag
inevitable neeviteblag
inestimable netakseblag
inertia inerciog
inert senmovag
ineligible neelekteblag
ineffectual vanag
inebriate ebriig
industrious diligentag
indulgence indulgog
indulge indulgig
induce decidigi
indubitable nedubag
indorse dorseskribig
indomitable nedreseblag
indolent senenergiag
indivisible nedivideblag
individual individuag
individual individuog
indistinct malklarag
indissoluble nesolveblag
indisputable nedisputeblag
indisposition malsanetog
indispensable necesegag
indiscreet maldiskretag
indigestible nedigesteblag
indigent malriĉag
indigenous enlandag
indifferent indiferentag
indict kulpigig
indicate montrig
india-rubber kaŭĉukog
index tabelog
indeterminate nedifinitag
independent sendependag
independence sendependecog
indemnity kompensog
indemnify kompensig
indefinite nedifinitag
indefatigable senlacag
indeed do
indecision nedecidecog
indecent maldecag
indebtedness ŝuldecog
incurable neresanigeblag
inculcate enradikig
incriminate kulpigig
incredulous nekredemag
incredible nekredeblag
increase plimultigig
incorruption senputrecog
incorruptible neputreblag
incorrupt honestag
incorrigible plimalobea
incorrect malkorektag
incorporeal spiritag
inconvenient maloportunag
incontestable nedisputeblag
inconstant ŝanĝemag
inconsolable nekonsoleblag
inconsistent nekonsekvencag
inconceivable neimageblag
incomprehensible nekompreneblag
incomplete neplenag
incompetent nekompetentag
incompatible nekunigeblag
incomparable nekompareblag
incommode ĝenig
income rentog
incoherent sensencag
include enhavig
incline inklinig
inclination inklinog
incite instigi
incision tranĉog
incident okazaĵog
inch colog
incentive kaŭzog
incest sangadultog
incense furiozigig
incense bonodorfumog
incendiary brulkrimulog
incarnation korpiĝog
incarnate korpigig
incapacity nekapablecog
incapable nekapablag
incalculable nekalkuleblag
inauspicious nefavorag
inaudible neaŭdeblag
inattention neatentecog
inappropriate nedecag
inappreciable netakseblag
inanimate senvivag
inane malplenag
inadvertence malatentecog
inactive senokupag
inaction senokupog
inaccurate neakuratag
inaccessible neatingeblag
inability neeblecog
in eng
impute alkalkulig
impurity malpurecog
impure malpurag
impulse puŝog
impudent senhontag
imprudent nesingardemag
improvise improvizig
improvident malspxaremag
improvement plibonigog
improve plibonigig
impromptu senpreparag
impropriety nedececog
improper nedecag
improbable neverŝajnag
imprison malliberigig
impressive impresag
impressionable impreseblag
impression impresog
impress impresig
impregnable fortikag
impracticable nefareblag
impoverish malriĉigig
impotence neeblecog
impostor trompantog
impost impostog
impossible neeblag
importune trudi
importunate trudemag
important gravag
importance gravecog
import enportig
impolitic nesaĝemag
impolite malĝentilag
implore petegig
implied neesprimitag
implicate implikig
implement ilog
implant enradikig
implacable venĝemag
impious malpiag
impiety malpiecog
impetus antaŭenpuŝog
impetuous vivegag
imperturbable stoikag
impertinent malrespektag
impersonal nepersonag
impermeable nepenetreblag
imperishable nepereemag
imperial imperiag
imperfection difektaĵog
imperfect neperfektag
imperative ordonag
impenetrable nepenetreblag
impend minacig
impediment barog
impeach kulpigi
impassive kvietega
impatient malpaciencag
impatience malpaciencog
impartiality senpartiecog
impartial senpartiag
impart komuniki
impair difektig
imp diabletog
immutable neŝanĝeblag
immovable senmova
immortality senmortecog
immortal senmortag
immorality malbonmorecog
immoral malbonmorag
immolate oferbuĉig
immodest nemodestag
immoderate malmoderag
immobility senmovecog
imminent minacag
immigrant enmigrantog
immigrate enmigrig
immerse subakvigig
immerge trempig
immense vastag
immediately tujg
immediate tujag
immature nematurag
immaterial negravag
immaculate senmakulag
imitation imitog
imitate imitig
imbue penetri
imbibe sorbigig
imbecile malspritulog
imagine imagig
imagination fantaziog
imaginary fantaziag
image figurog
illustrious famag
illustration ilustraĵog
illustrated ilustritag
illustrate ilustrig
illusion iluziog
illumination iluminadog
illuminate iluminig
illude iluziig
illogical mallogikag
illness malsanog
illiterate malklerag
illicit malpermesitag
illiberal avarag
illegitimate malrajtag
illegitimate nelaŭleĝag
illegible nelegeblag
illegal malleĝag
ill-bred maledukitag
ill malboneg
ill malbonog
ignore neobservig
ignorant malklerag
ignorance nesciog
ignominy malnoblecog
ignoble malnoblag
ignite ekbruligig
if seg
idolize amegi
idolatry idolservadog
idol idolog
idleness senokupecog
idle senokupag
idiot idiotulog
idiocy idiotecog
identify identigig
identical identag
ideal idealog
idea ideog
icelander islandanog
icicle pendglaciog
iceberg glacierego
ice glaciog
ibis ibisog
i mig
hysterics histeriog
hysterical histeriag
hyssop hisopog
hypotenuse hipotenuzog
hypothesis hipotezog
hypocritical hipokritag
hypocrite hipokritulog
hypocrisy hipokritecog
hypochondria hipoĥondriog
hypnotize hipnotigig
hypnotism hipnotismog
hypnotic hipnotag
hyphen streketog
hyperbole hiperbolog
hymn himnog
hygrometry higrometriog
hygrometer higrometrog
hyena hienog
hydrostatic hidrostatikag
hydrophobia hidrofobiog
hydropathy akvokuracog
hydrogen hidrogenog
hydra hidrog
hyacinth hiacintog
hutch kestog
hut budog
hustle puŝegig
hussar husarog
husk ŝelog
hush silentigig
husbandman terkulturistog
husband edzog
hurtful malutilag
hurt malutilig
hurry rapidig
hurricane uraganog
hurrah hurag
hurl alĵetig
hurdle branĉbariletog
hunting-lodge ĉasdometog
hunt ĉasig
hundredweight centfuntog
hungry malsatag
hunger malsatog
hunchback ĝibulog
hump ĝibog
humour humorog
humorous humorag
humming-bird kolibrog
humility humilecog
humiliate humiligig
humidity malsekecog
humid malsekag
humerus humerog
humble humiligig
humble humilag
humanity humanecog
humane humanag
human homag
hum zumig
hum kantetig
huge grandegag
hug ĉirkaŭprenegig
huddle kunproksimiĝig
hubbub bruadog
howitzer bombardilog
howl hundblekegig
howsoever tameng
however tameng
how kielg
hover flirtegig
hovel kajuto
housewife mastrinog
housekeeping mastraĵog
house domog
hour horog
hound hundog
hotel hotelog
hothouse varmejog
hot varmegag
hostile kontraŭa
hostage garantiulog
host hostiog
host mastrog
hospitality gastamog
hospital malsanulejo
hospitable gastamag
hosier ŝtrumpvendistog
hose ledtubog
hose ŝtrumpaĵog
horticulture ĝardenkulturog
horseshoe hufferaĵog
horse-radish krenog
horsemanship rajdartog
horse ĉevalog
horror terurog
horrid terurag
horrible terurigag
horoscope horoskopog
horn kornog
horizontal horizontalag
horizon horizontog
hope esperig
hope esperog
hoop ringegog
hook hokog
hoof hufog
hood kapuĉog
honourableness honorindecog
honour honorog
honour honorig
honeysuckle lonicerog
honeycomb mieltavolog
honey mielog
honesty honestecog
honest honestag
homonym samnomag
homicide hommortigog
homoeopathy homeopatiog
home hejmog
homage riverencog
holy sanktag
holly ileksog
hollow kavigig
hollow kavag
holla ho!
holiness sanktecog
holiday libertempog
hole truog
hold tenig
hoist suprenlevig
hog porkvirog
hoe sarkilog
hoe sarkig
hobby amuzaĵog
hobble lamirig
hoax mistifikig
hoarse raŭkag
hoarfrost prujnog
hoard amasog
hive abelujog
hitch malhelpaĵog
hit frapig
history historiog
historian historiskribantog
hiss siblig
his lia
hireling salajrulog
hire dungig
hippopotamus hipopotamog
hippodrome hipodromog
hip koksog
hint proponetig
hinge ĉarnirog
hindu hindog
hindrance malhelpog
hindoo hindog
hindermost lastag
hinderance malhelpog
hinder malhelpig
hinder postag
hind cervinog
him ling
hilt tenilog
hillock altaĵetog
hill montetog
highwayman rabistog
highway vojog
high-tide alfluog
highlander montanog
high altag
hieroglyphic hieroglifog
hierarchy hierarĥiog
hiding-place kaŝejog
hideous malbelegag
hide kaŝig
hidden kaŝitag
hiccough singultog
hiatus mankog
hexameter heksametrog
hexagon sesangulog
hew dehakig
hesitation ŝanceliĝog
hesitate ŝanceliĝig
herring haringog
heron ardeog
heroism heroecog
heroine heroinog
heroic heroag
hero heroog
hernia herniog
hermit ermitog
heritage heredog
heretical herezag
heretic herezulog
heresy herezog
hereditary heredag
herdsman paŝtistog
herd brutarog
herbivorous herbomanĝantag
herbalist herbovendistog
herb herbog
heraldry blazonog
heraldic heraldikag
herald heroldog
hers ŝiag
her ŝing
heptagon sepangulog
hepatic hepatag
henbane hiskiamog
hemp kanabog
hemorrhoids hemorojdog
hemorrhage sangadog
hemisphere duonsferog
hem borderog
hem borderig
helpmate kunhelpantog
helpful helpemag
help helpig
helmsman direktilistog
helmet kaskog
helm direktilog
hellish inferag
hellenism helenismog
hell inferog
helix ŝraŭbegog
heliotrope heliotropog
heir heredantog
heinous kruelegag
height alteco
heifer bovidinog
heel kalkanog
heedless senatentag
heedful atentag
heed atentig
hedgehog erinacog
hedge plektobarilog
hectolitre hektolitrog
hectogramme hektogramog
hectare hektarog
hebrew hebreog
hebraism hebreismog
hebdomadary ĉiusemajnag
heavy pezag
heaviness multepezecog
heaven ĉielog
heathenism idolservog
heathen idolanog
heath stepo
heat varmecog
heat hejtig
hearty koregag
heartsease violog
heartrending korŝirantag
hearth fajrujo
heart korog
hearse ĉerkveturilog
hearken aŭskultig
hear aŭdig
heap amasog
healthy sanag
health sanog
heal kuracig
headstrong obstinag
headlong senpripensa
headland promontorog
headache kapdolorog
head kapog
he lig
hazel-nut avelog
haze nebuletog
hazardous hazardag
hazard hazardog
hazard hazardig
hay-loft fojnejog
hay fojnog
hawthorn kratagog
hawk akcipitrog
havoc ruinigog
haven havenog
have havig
hautboy hobojog
haunt vizitadig
haunch koksog
haughty arogantag
hatred malamog
hateful malamindag
hate malamig
hatchet hakilog
hatch elŝeligig
hat ĉapelog
hasty rapidag
hasten rapidig
haste rapidecog
hassock kusenog
hasp alkroĉig
hash viandmiksaĵog
harvest-time rikoltog
hart cervog
harrow erpilog
harrier leporhundog
harpy harpiog
harpoon harpunog
harp harpog
harness jungaĵog
harness jungig
harmony harmoniog
harmonize harmoniigig
harmonious harmoniag
harmonica harmonikog
harm malutilog
harm malutilig
harlequin arlekenog
haricot-bean fazeolog
harem haremog
hairbrained sencerbag
hare leporog
hardy harditag
hardwareman kuirilvendistog
hardness malmolecog
hardly apenaŭg
hard malmolag
harbour havenog
harbinger antaŭulog
harass enuigi
harangue paroladog
happy feliĉag
happiness feliĉog
happen okazig
haply ebleg
hapless malfeliĉag
hap okazig
hansom kabrioletog
hanker deziregig
handsome belag
handshake manpremog
handmade manfaritag
handle tenilog
handle manprenig
handkerchief naztukog
handicraft manfaradog
handful plenmanog
handcuff mankatenog
hand-barrow puŝveturilog
hand manog
hamstring subgenuog
hamper malhelpig
hamper korbog
hammock pendlitog
hammer martelumig
hammer martelog
hamlet vilaĝetog
ham ŝinkog
halter kolbridog
halting-place haltejog
halt haltig
hallucination halucinaciog
hall-porter pordistog
hallow sanktigig
hall vestiblog
half duonog
hale sanag
halcyon alcionog
halberd halebardog
hairy haraĵag
hairdresser frizistog
hair harog
hailstone hajlerog
hail hajlog
hail hajlig
haggle marĉandig
haggard sovaĝag
hag malbelulinog
hackney-coach fiakrog
hack hakig
habituate kutimigig
habitual kutimag
habitation loĝejog
habit vestog
habit kutimog
haberdasher fadenistog
gyrate turniĝig
gypsum gipsog
gymnasium gimnastikejog
gymnast gimnastikistog
gutter-spout defluilog
gutter defluilog
gut intestotubog
gust ekventegog
gush ŝprucig
gunnery pafiladog
gunsmith armilfaristog
gunpowder pulvog
gun-carriage subpafilegog
gun pafilog
gum gumig
gum gumog
gulp englutig
gully valetog
gullet faringo
gull trompig
gulf golfog
guitar gitarog
guinea gineog
guilt kulpog
guillotine gilotinog
guileless senartifikag
guile artifikog
guide gvidistog
guide gvidig
guest gastog
guess divenig
gudgeon gobiog
guardian gardanto
guard gardig
guarantee garantiig
guarantee garantiog
grunt blekig
grumble riproĉegig
gruff malĝentilag
grudge malamecog
growth kreskog
growl bleki
grow kreskig
grove arbetarog
grouse tetrog
group grupigig
group grupog
ground-floor teretaĝog
ground terog
grotto grotog
grotesque groteskag
grope palpetig
groove kavo
groom ĉevalistog
groin ingvenog
grocer spicistog
groats griog
groan ĝemig
grit sablegog
grip premegog
grind pistig
grin grimacig
grime malpurecog
grimace grimacog
grieve malĝojig
grievance plendkaŭzog
grief malĝojog
gridiron kradrostilog
greyhound leporhundog
grey grizag
grenadier grenadistog
grenade grenadog
greet salutig
greek grekog
greenish dubeverdag
greenhouse varmejog
green verdag
greedy manĝegemag
greatness grandecog
great-grandfather praavog
greatcoat paltog
great grandag
grease ŝmirig
grease grasog
gray grizag
gravy sukog
gravity gravecog
graver gravurilog
gravel ŝtonetaĵog
grave gravag
grave tombog
gratuitously senpageg
gratuitous senpagag
gratitude dankecog
gratis senpageg
grating kradog
gratification kontentigog
grater raspilog
grateful dankemag
grate raspi
grate fajrujog
grasshopper akridog
grass-plot herbejog
grass herbog
grasp premig
grapple ekkaptig
grapnel ankretog
graphite grafitog
grapeshot kugletaĵog
grape vinberog
grant permesig
granite granitog
grandson nepog
grandfather avog
grand belegag
granary grenejog
gramme gramog
grammar gramatikog
graft inokulig
graduation gradigog
graduate gradigig
gradually gradeg
gradual gradag
gradation gradecog
gracious graciag
graceful graciag
grace graciog
gown robog
governor regantog
governess guvernistinog
government registarog
govern regig
gout podagrog
gourmand manĝegulog
gourd kukurbog
gossip babilaĵog
gospel evangeliog
gosling anseridog
goshawk akcipitrog
gorgeous belegag
gorge supersatigig
gorge valegog
gooseberry grosog
goose anserinog
goose anserog
goodness bonecog
good-bye adiaŭg
good-for-nothing sentaŭgulog
good bonag
gondola gondolog
goloche galoŝog
goldsmith oraĵistog
goldfinch kardelog
golden orag
gold orog
godly sanktag
godliness sanktecog
godless malpiag
godhead diaĵog
godfather baptopatrog
god diog
goblin koboldog
goblet pokalog
goatherd kapristog
goat kaprog
goad instigilog
go irig
gnome gnomog
gnaw mordetig
gnat kulog
gnash grincig
glycerine glicerinog
gluttony manĝegemog
gluttonous manĝegemag
glutton manĝegulog
glutted sategag
glutinous gluantag
glut satigig
glut satog
glue gluig
glue gluog
glucose glikozog
glow-worm lampirog
glow brilig
glove gantog
gloss polurig
glory glorog
glorious glorag
glorify glorig
gloomy mallumag
gloom mallumog
globule globetog
globular globag
globe globog
glitter brilegig
glisten brilig
glimpse videto
glimmer lumetog
glide glitig
glen valetog
glee ĝojog
glean postrikoltig
gleam lumetog
gleam lumetig
glazier vitraĵistog
glaze vitrumig
glassy vitrecag
glass-works vitrofarejog
glass-case vitromeblog
glare brilegog
gland glandog
glance ekrigardig
gladiator gladiatorog
glade maldensejog
gladden ĝojigig
glad ĝojag
glacier glaciejog
give donig
girl knabinog
girdle zonog
gird zonig
giraffe ĝirafog
gipsy nomadulog
gingerbread mielkukog
ginger zingibrog
gin ĝinog
gimlet boriletog
gilliflower levkojog
gild orumig
gifted talentag
gift donacog
giddiness kapturnog
gibe mokig
gibbous ĝibag
gibbet pendigilog
giant grandegulog
ghost fantomog
gherkin kukumetog
ghastly palegag
gesture gestog
gerund gerundiog
germinate ĝermig
german germanog
germ ĝermog
geranium geraniog
geometry geometriog
geology geologiog
geography geografiog
genus gentog
genuine verag
genuflect genufleksig
gently dolĉeg
gentleman sinjorog
gentle dolĉag
genteel ĝentilag
genius geniog
genitive genitivog
genial bonvolag
generous malavarag
generosity malavarecog
generation generaciog
generate produkti
general ĝeneralag
genealogy genealogiog
gender seksog
gendarme ĝendarmog
gem brilianto
gelatine gelatenog
gehenna gehenog
gazette gazetog
gazelle gazelog
gaze rigardegig
gay gajag
gawky mallertag
gauze gazog
gauntlet fergantog
gaunt malgrasag
gauge mezurig
gaudy luksemag
gathering kolektog
gather kolektig
gate pordegog
gastric stomakag
gasp spiregig
gasometer gasometrog
gash tranĉadig
gaseous gasag
gas gasog
garter ŝtrumpligilog
garrote ĉirkaŭligig
garrison garnizonog
garret subtegmentog
garniture garniturog
garnish ornamig
garner provizig
garment vestog
garlic ajlog
garland girlandog
gargle gargaraĵog
gargle gargarig
gardening ĝardenlaboradog
gardenia gardeniog
gardener ĝardenistog
garden ĝardenog
garb vestog
gape oscedegig
gap mankog
gap breĉog
gaoler gardistog
gaol malliberejog
gangrene gangrenog
ganglion gangliog
gang bandog
gander anservirog
gamut gamog
gamekeeper ĉasgardistog
game-bag ĉasaĵujog
game ĉasaĵog
gambol saltetig
galvanism galvanismog
gallows pendigilog
gallop galopig
gallicism galicismog
galley remŝipegog
gallery galeriog
gallant bravag
gallant ĝentilag
gallant amistog
gall-nut gajlog
gall galog
gale ventego
gaiter gamaŝog
gait iradog
gainsay kontraŭdirig
gain gajnig
gaiety gajecog
gag silentigi
gaff hokstangog
gadfly tabanog
futurity estontecog
future estontag
futile vanag
fustian fustenog
fusion fandiĝog
fusilade pafadog
fuse fandig
fury furiozog
further plimalproksimag
further plieg
furrow tersulkog
furrier felistog
furniture meblarog
furnace forno
furious furiozag
fur felog
funny ridindag
funnel funelog
funereal funebrag
funeral enterigirog
fundholder rentulog
fundamental fundamentag
functionary oficistog
function funkciog
fun ŝercadog
fume fumog
full-aged plenaĝag
full plenag
fulfil plenumig
fugitive forkurantog
fuel brulaĵog
frying-pan pato
fry fritig
frustrate malhelpig
fruitlessly vaneg
fruitless vanag
fruit-garden fruktejog
fruitful fruktoportag
fruitery fruktejog
fruit fruktog
frugal ŝparemag
fructify fruktodonig
frown sulkigig
froward malvirtag
froth ŝaŭmog
frost frostog
frontier landlimog
frolicsome petolemag
frolic petolecog
frog ranog
frock-coat frakog
frivolous malseriozag
fritter fritaĵog
frisk saltetig
fringe franĝog
frigid glaciigag
frightful terurag
frighten timigig
fright timog
frigate fregatog
friendship amikecog
friendly amikag
friend amikog
friction frotadog
friar monaĥog
fret malkvietiĝig
fresh freŝag
fresco freskog
frequency oftecog
frequent vizitadig
frequent oftag
frenzy frenezecog
frenchman francog
freeze glaciiĝig
freemason framasonog
freedom liberecog
free liberag
freckle lentugog
fray batalog
fraudulent trompag
fraud trompog
fraternize fratiĝig
fraternity fratecog
fraternal fratag
frantic furiozag
frankness sincerecog
frankly sincereg
frank sincerag
france francujo
franc frankog
framework trabaĵog
frame kadrog
frame enkadrigig
frail kadukag
fragrance bonodorecog
fragment fragmentog
fragile facilrompag
fracture rompog
fraction partumog
fox vulpog
four kvarg
fountain fontanog
foundry fandejog
foundation fondo
found fondig
foulard silktukog
foul malpurag
foster nutrig
fossil elfosataĵog
forward ekspedi
fortune riĉecog
fortress fortikaĵog
fortitude kuraĝecog
fortify fortigig
fort fortikaĵetog
forsake forlasig
formula formulog
formulary protokolog
formulate formulig
formidable timegindag
formerly iam
formation formog
formal ceremoniag
fork forkog
forgiveness pardonog
forgive pardonig
forget-me-not miozotog
forgetfulness forgesecog
forgetful forgesag
forget forgesig
forge forĝejog
forge forĝig
forewarn avertig
forethought antaŭzorgog
foretell antaŭdirig
forest arbarog
foresight antaŭzorgog
foresee antaŭvidig
forerunner antaŭulog
forenoon antaŭtagmezog
foremost unuag
foreman submajstrog
foreigner alilandulog
foreign alilandog
forehead fruntog
foreboding antaŭsentog
forearm antaŭbrakog
fore antaŭag
ford transirejog
forcible devigeblag
force devigig
forbid malpermesig
forbearing toleremag
forbearance tolerog
forbear tolerig
forage furaĝog
for porg
for ĉarg
fop dandog
footway piedvojog
foot-soldier infanterianog
footprint piedsignog
footpath trotuarog
footman lakeog
foot-bridge piedpontog
foot piedog
foolishness malsaĝecog
foolish malsaĝag
fool simplanimulog
food nutraĵog
font baptakvujog
fondness amecog
fondle dorlotig
foment vivigig
fond amag
folly malspritecog
follow sekvig
foliage foliarog
folding-screen ventoŝirmilog
fold faldig
fog nebulog
foe kontraŭulo
foetid malbonodorag
fodder furaĝog
focus fokusog
foam ŝaŭmo—aĵog
foam ŝaŭmig
foal ĉevalido—inog
fly muŝog
fly flugig
flux alfluog
flutter flugeti
flute flutog
fluid fluag
fluid fluaĵog
fluent elokventa
flue kamentubog
fluctuate ŝanceliĝig
flower-garden florejog
flower-bed florbedog
flower florig
flow fluig
flour farunog
flotilla ŝiparetog
florist floristog
florin florenog
florid ruĝegag
floor plankog
flood superakvegog
flog skurĝig
flock arog
flit flirtig
flirtation koketecog
flirt koketulinog
flirt amindumeti
flippant babilag
fling ĵetig
flight forkurog
flicker lumŝancelig
flexion fleksog
flexible flekseblag
flexibility flekseblecog
flesh karnog
fleet ŝiparog
fleecy lanecag
fleece ŝaflanog
flee flugig
flea pulog
flay senhaŭtigig
flax linog
flaw difektog
flavour gustog
flattering flatemag
flatterer flatulog
flatter flatig
flatten platigig
flat platag
flask boteletog
flare brilegog
flap klapog
flannel flanelog
flank flankog
flame flamog
flame flamig
flambeau torĉog
flake neĝero
flail draŝilog
flagrant flagrantag
flagstone ŝtonplatog
flagon botelegog
flag standardog
flabby molag
fixity fiksecog
fixed fiksag
fix fiksig
five kving
fitly alkonvenag
fist pugnog
fissure fendetog
fishmonger fiŝvendistog
fish-market fiŝvendejog
fishing-line hokfadenog
fishing fiŝkaptadog
fish-hook fiŝhokog
fishery fiŝkaptado
fisher fiŝkaptistog
fish fiŝkaptig
fish fiŝog
fiscal fiskag
fisc fiskog
firtree pinarbog
firstly unueg
first unuag
firmament ĉielog
firmness fortikecog
firework fajraĵo
fireside hejmog
fireplace kamenog
fire-engine brulpumpilog
fire-dog kamenstabletog
fire fajrog
fir abiog
finish finig
finger fingrog
finery ornamaĵog
fine delikatag
find trovig
financier financistog
financial financag
finance financog
finally fineg
final finag
fin naĝilog
filthy malpuregag
filth malpuraĵog
filter filtrilog
film membrano
filly ĉevalidinog
fillet lumbaĵog
fill plenigig
filigree filigranog
filiation genealogiog
filial filiag
file fajlig
filch ŝtelig
filament fibrog
fight batalig
fig figog
fife fifrog
fiery fervoregag
fierce kruelegag
field kampog
fidget movadiĝig
fidelity fidelecog
fiddler violonistog
fiddle violonog
fictitious fiktivag
fickle ŝanĝeblag
fibre fibrog
fiasco fiaskog
fiancée fianĉinog
fiance fianĉog
few kelkaj
feverish febrag
fever febrog
feudality feŭdalecog
feudal feŭdalag
feud malpacegog
fetter katenog
fetid malbonodorag
fetichism fetiĉismog
fetich fetiĉog
fetch alportig
festoon festonog
festival festog
fester ulceriĝig
festal festag
fervour fervorog
fervent fervorag
fervency fervorecog
fertilize fruktigig
fertile fruktodonag
ferry-boat pramog
ferry pramig
ferret ĉasputorog
ferocity kruelego
ferocious kruelegag
fern filikog
ferment fermentig
fennel fenkolog
fender fajrgardog
fend defendig
fence palisarog
fencing skermog
fence skermig
fen marĉejog
feminism feminismo
feminine virinseksa
female virino
felt feltog
felon krimulog
fellow-citizen samurbanog
fell faligig
felicity feliĉecog
feint ŝaĵnigog
feign ŝajnigig
feeling palpog
feeling sentog
feel sentig
feed nutrig
feebleness malfortecog
feeble malfortag
fee pagig
federative federag
federal federag
fecundate fruktigig
february februarog
febrile febrag
feather-duster plumbalailog
feather plumog
feat heroaĵog
feast festenig
feast regalig
feasible fareblag
fear timog
fear timig
fealty fidelecog
fay feo
fawn-coloured brunruĝag
fawn cervidog
favourable favorag
favour favorog
favour favorig
faulty mankhavag
fault kulpog
faucet kranog
fatten grasigig
fatiguing lacigag
fatigued lacag
fatigue lacecog
fatigue lacigig
fathom-line sondilog
fathom sondig
fatherly patrag
fatherhood patrecog
father-in-law bopatrog
fatherland patrolandog
father patrog
fate sortog
fatally fataleg
fatality fatalog
fatalism fatalismog
fatal fatalag
fat grasag
fasting fastinteg
fastidious malŝatemag
fasten alligig
fast rapidag
fast fastog
fast fastig
fascination ensorĉog
fascinate ensorĉig
farrier forĝistog
farmhouse farmodomog
farm farmog
farm farmig
farewell adiaŭg
farce ŝercog
far malproksimag
fantasy fantaziog
fantastical strangegag
fanfaronade fanfaronadog
fancy imagig
fanciful imagag
fanaticism fanatikecog
fanatical fanatikag
fanatic fanatikulog
fan ventumilog
fan ventumig
famous famag
famished malsategag
famine malsategog
family familiog
familiarity kutimetog
familiarize kutimigig
familiar kutimag
fame famog
falsifier falsintog
falsification falsadog
falsify falsig
falsehood mensogog
false falsag
fallow senkulturegag
fallacy sofismog
fall falog
fall falig
falcon falkog
faithful fidelag
faith fidog
fairy feinog
fairly justeg
fair justag
faint svenig
failure malprosperog
fail malprosperig
fail mankig
fagot branĉarog
fag laboregig
fading velkantog
fade velkig
faculty kapablog
faculty fakultatog
factory fabrikejog
factious malpacag
faction sektog
fact faktog
facsimile faksimilog
facility facilecog
facilitate faciligig
facetious ŝercag
facet facetog
face vizaĝog
fabulous fablag
fabulist fablistog
fabrication fabrikadog
fabricate fabrikig
fabric fabrikog
fable fablog
eyelid palpebrog
eyelash okulharog
eyeglasses lornog
eyebrow brovog
eye okulog
exultation ĝojegog
exult ĝojegig
exude guteti
exuberant plenegag
extricate liberigig
extremity ekstremaĵog
extremely treegeg
extreme ekstremag
extravagant malŝparemag
extravagance malŝparog
extraordinary eksterordag
extract ekstrakto
extract ekstrakti
extra ekstrag
extort eltiregig
extol laŭdegig
extirpate elradikigig
extinguish estingig
extinct estingitag
external eksterag
exterminate ekstermig
exterior eksteraĵog
extensive vastag
extension etendog
extend etendig
extempore senpreparag
extant ekzistantag
exquisite ravag
expunge elstrekig
expulsion elpelog
expressly specialeg
expression esprimog
express esprimig
expound klarigig
expostulate rezonegig
exposition ekspoziciog
expose montrig
explosion eksplodog
explorer esploristog
explore esplorig
exploit ekspluatig
exploit heroaĵog
explode eksplodig
explicit klarag
explication klarigog
explanation klarigog
explain klarigig
expiation elpagog
expiate elpagig
expert lertag
experiment eksperimentog
experiment eksperimentig
experienced spertag
experience sentig
experience spertog
expensive multekostag
expense elspezog
expenditure elspezadog
expend elspezig
expel elpelig
expeditiously rapideg
expeditious rapidegag
expedite ekspedig
expectorate kraĉig
expectation atendog
expect atendig
expand etendig
expanse etendecog
exotic alilandag
exorbitant supermezurag
exonerate pravigig
exit elirog
existence ekzistaĵog
exist ekzistig
exile ekzilig
exigent postulag
exigence postulo—ecog
exhume elterigig
exhort admonig
exhibition ekspoziciog
exhibit elmontrig
exhaustion konsumitecog
exhaust konsumig
exhale odorig
exercise-book kajerog
exercise ekzercog
exercise ekzercig
exempt liberag
exempt liberigig
exemplify ekzempligig
exemplary ekzemplag
exemplar ekzemplerog
executive regantarog
executioner ekzekutistog
execute ekzekutig
execrate malbenegig
execrable abomenag
excuse pardoni
excusable pardoneblag
excursion ekskursog
exculpate senkulpigig
excruciate turmentegig
excrescence elkreskaĵog
excrement ekskrementog
excoriation defrotaĵog
excommunicate ekskomunikig
exclusive ekskluzivag
exclusion eksigecog
exclude eksigig
exclaim ekkriig
excitement ekscitegog
excite ekscitig
exchange interŝanĝig
excessively troeg
excessive troag
excess malmoderecog
exception esceptog
except esceptig
except kromg
excellent bonegag
excellency ekscelenco
excellence bonecog
excel superig
exceed superig
excavator terfosistog
excavate kavigi
excavate kavigig
exasperate koleregigig
example ekzemplog
examine ekzamenig
examination ekzamenog
exalt laŭdegig
exaggeration trograndigog
exaggerate trograndigig
exactness akuratecog
exact ĝustag
exact postulig
ewer kruĉegog
ewe ŝafinog
evolution evoluciog
evoke elvokig
evil malbona
evil malbono
evidently evidenteg
evident evidentag
evidence evidentecog
everywhere ĉieg
everyway ĉielg
everything ĉiog
everyone's ĉiesg
everyone ĉiug
every ĉiug
everlasting eternag
ever ĉiamg
eventful okazplenag
event okazog
evening vesperog
even eĉg
eve antaŭtagog
evasion artifikog
evasion forkurog
evaporation vaporiĝog
evaporate vaporiĝig
evangelical evangeliag
evade evitig
evacuate malplenigig
european eŭropanog
europe eŭropog
euphonious belsonag
euphonic bonsonag
eulogy laŭdegog
eulogize laŭdegig
eucharist eŭkaristog
etymology vortodevenog
etiquette etiketog
etiology etiologiog
ethology etologiog
ethnography etnografiog
ethical etikag
ethereal eterag
ether eterog
eternity eternecog
eternal eternag
estuary estuariog
estrange forigig
estimation estimadog
estimate estimig
estimable estimindag
esteem estimig
estate bienog
establish fondig
essential esencag
essence esencog
essay provig
espy vidi
espouse edziĝig
especially precipeg
especial specialag
escutcheon blazonog
escort gardig
escort gardistarog
eschew evitig
escarpment krutegaĵog
escape forkurig
erysipelas erisipelog
eruption ekzantemog
eructation ruktog
error erarog
erroneous erarag
erratum erarog
erratic erarag
errand komisiog
err erarig
erotic erotikag
erection konstruog
erect vertikalag
erect starigig
ere antaŭ
erasure surstrekaĵog
eraser skrapiletog
erase surstrekig
eradicate elradikigig
era tempokalkulog
equivocal dusencag
equivalent ekvivalentag
equity justecog
equitable justag
equinox tagnoktegalecog
equilibrium ekvilibrog
equator ekvatorog
equation ekvaciog
equally egaleg
equalise egaligig
equality egalecog
equal egalag
equable egalag
epoch epokog
epitomise mallongigig
epitome resumog
epithet epitetog
epitaph epitafog
epistolary leterag
epistle leterog
episode epizodog
episcopacy episkopecog
epiphany epifaniog
epilogue epilogog
epileptic epilepsiag
epilepsy epilepsiog
epigram epigramog
epidermis epidermog
epidemic epidemiog
epicure epikuristog
epic epopeog
epic epopeag
ephemeral mallonga
epaulet epoletog
envy enviig
envoy senditog
environs ĉirkaŭaĵog
envious enviemag
enviable enviindag
envenom venenig
envelope kovertog
envelop envolvig
enunciate eldirig
enumerate denombrig
entwine kunplektig
entry enirog
entreaty petegog
entreat petegig
entrance ĉarmig
entrance enirog
entrails internaĵog
entr'acte interaktog
entomology entomologiog
entomb entombigig
entirely tuteg
entire tutag
entice allogig
enthusiastic entuziasmag
enthusiast entuziasmulog
enthusiasm entuziasmog
entertain regalig
enterprise entreprenog
enter eniri
entangle implikig
ensue sekvig
enslave sklavigig
ensign-bearer standardistog
enrol varbig
enrichment riĉigog
enrich riĉigig
enrapture ravig
enrage furiozigig
enquiry informiĝog
enquire informiĝig
enough sufiĉeg
enormous grandegag
ennoble nobeligig
enmity malamikecog
enliven gajigig
enlistment varbog
enlist varbig
enlighten klerigig
enlarge pligrandigig
enjoy ĝuig
enjoin ordonig
enigma enigmog
enhale enspirig
engraving gravuraĵog
engraver gravuristog
engrave gravurig
englishman anglog
english anglag
england anglujo
engineer inĝenierog
engine maŝinog
engage servigi
enfranchise afranki
enervate malfortigig
energy energiog
energetic energiag
enemy malamikog
enema klisterilog
endow dotig
endless eternag
endeavour penog
endeavour penig
endearment karesog
end finog
end finig
encroach trudig
encyclopedia enciklopediog
encourage kuraĝigig
encounter renkontig
encore bisg
encompass ĉirkaŭig
enclose enfermig
enchantment ensorĉog
enchant ravig
encase enkasigig
enamel emajlig
enamel emajlog
enactment regulog
enact regulig
enable ebligig
emulation superemog
emulate superemig
empty malplenag
empty malplenigig
empress imperiestrinog
empower rajtigig
employment oficog
empire imperiog
emphasise akcentegig
emphasis patoso
emphatic patosa
emperor imperiestrog
emotion kortuŝecog
emolument salajrog
emmet formikog
emit ellasig
emissary emisario
eminent eminentag
eminence altaĵog
emigration elmigrado
emigrate elmigrig
emigrant elmigrantog
emetic vomilog
emergency ekokazog
emerald smeraldog
embryology embriologiog
embryo embriog
embroider brodig
embrace ĉirkaŭprenig
embossment reliefog
embolden kuraĝiĝig
emblem emblemog
embers brulaĵog
embellish beligi
embarrassment embarasog
embarrass embarasig
embark enŝipiĝig
embalm balzamumig
emancipate liberigig
emanate devenig
emaciated malgrasegag
elsewhere alilokeg
else alieg
elope forkurig
eloquent elokventag
eloquence elokventecog
elocution parolsciencog
elm ulmog
ellipse elipsog
ell ulnog
elite eminentularog
elision eliziog
eliminate elmetig
eligibility elekteblecog
eligible elekteblag
elide eliziig
elicit eltirig
elf koboldo
elevate altigig
elephant elefantog
elementary elementag
element elementog
elegy elegiog
elegant elegantag
elegance elegantecog
electrify elektrigig
electricity elektrog
electric elektrag
elector elektantog
election elektog
elder pliaĝag
elbow kubutog
elasticity elastecog
elastic elastaĵog
elastic elastag
elaborate prilaborig
eject elĵetig
ejaculation ekkriog
either aŭg
eight okg
eider-duck molanasog
eider-down lanugog
egyptian egiptog
egress elirog
egoist egoistog
egoism egoismog
egg-shaped ovoformag
egg ovog
effulgent radilumag
effrontery senhontecog
effort penog
efflux defluadog
effluvium malbonodorog
efflorescence floradog
effigy figurog
efficacy efikecog
efficacious efikag
effervesce ŝaŭmadig
effectual efektivag
effectively efektiveg
effective efektivag
effect efektivigig
efface surstrekig
eel angilog
educator edukistog
educated klerag
educate edukig
editor eldonistog
edition eldonog
edit eldoni
edify edifig
edifice konstruaĵog
edict ordonog
edible manĝeblag
edge randog
eden edenog
eddy akvoturniĝog
eddy turniĝadig
eczema ekzemog
ecstacy ravog
economy ŝparemog
economist ekonomiistog
economise ŝparig
economics ekonomiog
economical ŝparemag
eclogue eklogog
ecliptic ekliptikog
eclipse mallumiĝog
echo eĥog
ecclesiastical ekleziag
ecclesiastic ekleziulog
eccentric strangag
ebullition boladog
ebriety ebriecog
ebony ebonog
eaves defluilog
eatable manĝeblag
eat manĝig
easy facilag
easterly orientag
easter paskog
east orientog
ease komfortog
earthquake tertremog
earthly monda
earthenware fajencog
earth terog
earring orelringog
earnestness seriozecog
earnestly forte
earnest diligentag
earn perlaborig
earldom graflandog
earl grafog
ear orelog
eagle aglog
eager avidag
dyspepsia dispepsiog
dysentery disenteriog
dynasty dinastiog
dynamite dinamitog
dynamism dinamismog
dynamics dinamikog
dyke digog
dyer kolorigistog
dye kolorigilog
dye kolorigig
dwindle malgrandiĝig
dwelling loĝejog
dwell loĝi
dwarf malgrandegulog
dutiful respektemag
duty devog
dutchman holandanog
dustman kotistog
duster viŝilog
dust polvog
dusky malhelag
during dumg
duration daŭrog
durable fortikag
duplicity trompemog
duplicate duobligig
dupe trompig
dungeon malliberejog
dungheap sterkaĵog
dung sterkog
dunce malklerulog
dumbness mutecog
dumb mutag
duke dukog
duet duetog
duel duelog
dude dandog
ductile etendeblag
duct tubog
ducking trempadog
duck anasinog
duchy duklandog
duchess dukinog
ducat dukatog
dubious dubag
dualism dualismog
dual duobla
dryness sekecog
dry sekag
drunkenness ebriecog
drunkard drinkulog
drum tamburog
druggist drogistog
drug drogog
drudge laboregig
drowsy dormag
drown dronig
drought senpluvecog
dross metala
dropsy akvoŝvelog
drop gutog
drone burdog
drollery ŝerco—adog
droll ridinda
drip gutetig
drinkable trinkeblag
drink trinkaĵog
drink trinkig
drill borig
dressmaker kudristinog
drench akvumig
dregs feĉog
dredger skrapilegog
dredge skrapig
dreary malgajag
dream sonĝig
dreadful teruregag
dread teruro
dread timi
dray ŝarĝveturilog
drawer tirkestog
draughtsman desegnistog
drastic drastikag
draper drapvendistog
drape drapirig
dramatist dramaŭtorog
dramatical dramag
drama dramog
drake anasog
dragoon dragonog
dragon drakog
drag treni
dozen dekduog
doze dormetig
downwards malsupreg
dowry dotog
downfall falegog
down lanugog
dovecot kolombejog
dove kolombog
dough knedaĵog
douche duŝog
doubtlessly sendubeg
doubtful dubag
doubter dubantog
doubt dubig
double duobligig
dote amegig
dot punktog
dose dozog
dorsal dorsag
dormitory dormejog
dormer-window fenestretog
dormant ekdormag
doorkeeper pordistog
door pordog
doom kondamno
donor donantog
donkey azenog
donation donaco
domino domenog
dominion regnog
dominion regecog
domination potencog
dominant potencag
domicile loĝejog
domestic servisto—inog
domestic hejmag
dome kupolog
domain bienog
dolt malsaĝulog
dolphin delfenog
dollar dolarog
doll pupog
doleful funebrag
dole disdonig
dogma dogmog
doghouse hundodometog
dogged obstinag
dog hundog
doff demetig
document dokumentog
doctrine dogmarog
doctor doktorog
docket karteto
dock ŝipejog
docility obeemog
docile obeag
do farig
dizziness kapturnog
divulge konigig
divisor dividontog
division dividog
divinity diecog
divine diag
divider dividantog
divide dividig
divest senvestigig
divert amuzig
diversity diversecog
diverse diversag
diverge malkonvergig
dive subakviĝig
ditty kantetog
ditto sama
ditch defluilog
disunion disiĝog
disunite disigig
disturbance tumultog
disturb interrompig
distrustful malfidemag
distrust malfidog
distrust malfidig
district kvartalog
distress mizerigog
distress ĉagrenigig
distraction distrecog
distract distrig
distort tordigig
distinguish distingig
distinctive distingigag
distinct neta
distil distilig
distaste tedo
distant malproksimag
distance interspacog
distaff ŝpinilog
dissuade malkonsilig
disrespect malrespektog
disrespect malrespektig
dissolve solvig
dissolution solvog
dissolute diboĉag
dissipation malŝparog
dissipate malŝparig
dissimulation kaŝemog
dissimulate kaŝig
dissimilar malsamag
dissertation disertaciog
dissenter alireligiulog
dissent malkonsentig
disseminate dissemig
dissemble hipokriti
dissection dissekciog
dissect dissekciig
dissatisfied malkontentag
disappointment kontraŭaĵog
disrespectful nerespektag
disquiet maltrankviligig
disqualify malkapabligig
dispute disputog
disprove refutig
disproof refutog
dispraise mallaŭdig
disposition inklinog
disposable disponeblag
dispose disponig
disport ludig
displeasure malplaĉog
displease malplaĉig
displace translokig
display vidaĵo
disperse dispelig
dispensary kuracilejog
dispel peli
dispatch depeŝog
disparity neegalecog
disown forlasi
disorganise malorganizig
disorderly malordemag
disorder malordo
disobliging neservemag
disobey malobeig
dismount elseligig
dismiss forsendi
dismember senmembrigig
dismay konsternig
dismal funebrag
disloyalty malfidelog
disloyal malfidelag
dislodge translokig
dislocation elartikigog
dislocate elartikigig
dislike antipatiog
dislike malŝati
disjunction disigog
disjoint elartikigig
disjoin disligig
disinterested malprofitemag
disinfect dezinfektig
disillusion elreviĝog
dishonourable malhonorag
dishonour malhonorig
dishonesty malhonestecog
dishonest malhonestag
dishearten malkuraĝigig
dishcloth telertukog
dish pladog
disgust naŭzig
disguise alivestig
disgrace malhonorig
disfavour malfavorog
disentangle liberigig
disengage liberigig
disembark elŝipiĝig
disease malsano—egog
disdain malŝatig
discussion diskutadog
discuss diskutig
discriminate distingig
discretion singardemo
discreet diskretag
discredit senkreditigig
discovery eltrovog
discover eltrovig
discourteous malĝentilag
discourse paroladog
discouragement senkuraĝecog
discourage senkuraĝigig
discount diskontog
discordant malpaca
discord malpacog
discontinuance interrompog
discontented malkontentag
disconsolate ĉagrenegag
disconnect disigig
disconcert konfuzig
discompose malkvietigig
discomfit malvenkigig
discolour senkolorigig
disclose malkaŝig
disclaim malkonfesig
discipline disciplinog
disciple aliĝantog
discharge eligig
discernment sagacecog
discern distingig
discard forigi
disc diskog
disbursement elspezog
disburse elspezig
disbelieve malkredig
disband disigig
disavow malkonfesig
disastrous ruinigag
disaster malfeliĉegog
disarrange malordigig
disarray konfuzegog
disarm senarmigig
disapprove malaprobig
disappointment malkontentigog
disappoint malkontentigig
disappear malaperig
disagreement malkonsentog
disagree malkonsentig
disadvantage malutilog
disable kriplig
dirty malpurag
dirtiness malpurecog
dirt malpuraĵog
directory adresarog
director direktorog
directly rekteg
dire terurag
diphtheria difteriog
diplomacy diplomatiog
diploma diplomog
diphthong diftongog
dip trempig
dinner-service manĝilarog
dining-room manĝoĉambrog
din bruegadog
diminutive malgranda—etag
dim dubelumag
diligent diligentag
diligence diligentog
dilatory prokrastemag
dilate plilarĝigig
dilapidate ruinigig
dignity indecog
dignitary rangulog
dignify indigig
digit fingro
digest digestig
dig fosig
diffusion vastigog
difficulty malfacilecog
differ diferencig
diet dietog
die presilog
die mortig
dictionary vortarog
dictator diktatorog
dictation diktatog
dictate diktig
dice ludkubojg
diarrhoea laksog
diamond diamantog
diameter diametrog
dialogue dialogog
dialect dialektog
dial ciferplatog
diagram diagramog
diagonal diagonalog
diadem diademog
dexterity lertecog
dew rosog
devour manĝegig
devoid religiag
devotee religiulog
devotion sindonog
devoted sindonag
devoid senenhavag
devious malrektag
devine divenig
devil diablog
device devizog
deviation malrektiĝog
deviate malrektiĝig
development vastigog
develope vastigig
devastate dezertigi
detrimental malhelpag
detriment malprofito
detract kalumniig
detonation eksplodbruog
dethrone detronig
detest malamig
determined decidag
determination decidecog
determine decidig
deteriorate difektig
deter malhelpig
detect eltrovig
detain malhelpi
detail detalog
detach apartigig
destruction detruog
destroy detruig
destitute malriĉegag
destiny sortog
dessert desertog
despotism tiranecog
despot tiranog
despond malesperig
despise malestimig
despicable malnoblag
desperate furiozag
despatch ekspedig
despair malesperig
desolate ruinigig
desk skribtablog
desist ĉesi
desire dezirig
designing ruzag
designate montri
deserve meritig
deserter forkurintog
desert forlasig
desecration malpiegaĵog
describe priskribig
descendant ido
descend malsuprenirig
derivation devenigadog
derive devenig
deride moki
derange malordigig
derail elreliĝig
deputy deputatog
depute deputig
depth profundo—aĵog
deprivation senigog
depress mallevetig
depredation rabadog
depreciate maltaksigig
depravity malvirtog
deprave malvirtigig
depot tenejog
deposit enmetig
depose eksiĝi
deportment kondutog
depopulated senhomag
depopulate senhomigig
deponent atestantog
deplore bedaŭregig
depict priskribig
dependence dependecog
depend dependig
departure forirog
department fako
depart foririg
deny neig
denunciation denunco—adog
denude senkovrigig
dentist dentistog
dental dentag
density densecog
dense densag
denounce denuncig
denote montrig
deniable neigeblag
denial neog
demure modestag
demur ŝanceliĝig
demonstrative montrag
demonstrate pruvig
demoniac demoniakog
demon demonog
demolish detruegig
democracy demokratarog
democrat demokratog
demise mortog
demesne bieno—aĵog
demeanour kondutog
demean humilig
demand postulog
demagogue demagogog
delusion trompog
deluge superakvegog
delude trompig
dell valetog
delirium delirog
delinquent kulpulog
delightful rava
delicate delikatag
delicacy frandaĵog
deliberation prikonsiliĝog
deliberate prikonsiliĝig
delegation delegaciog
delegate delegitog
delegate delegig
delay prokrastog
dejection malĝojecog
deject senkuraĝig
deity diaĵog
deist diistog
deism diismog
deign bonvolig
degree gradog
degrade degradig
degenerate degenerig
defy kontraŭstarig
defunct mortintog
defray elpagig
defraud trompig
deformed malbelformag
deform malbonformigig
definitive definitivag
definite difinitag
define difinig
deficiency deficitog
deference respektegog
defer prokrastig
defend defendig
defect difekto—aĵog
defeat venkig
defame kalumniig
deface forigi
deer cervog
deep profundag
deem pensig
deed farog
deduction deprenog
deduct deprenig
deduce deprenig
dedication dediĉog
dedicate dediĉig
decree dekretog
decrease malkreskig
decoy kaptilog
decoy trompi
decorous bonmorag
decorum dececog
decorator ornamistog
decorate ornamig
decompose dismetig
declivity deklivog
decline ekfiniĝog
declension deklinaciog
declare sciigi
declaration deklaraciog
declaim deklamig
decisive decidigag
decipher deĉifrig
decimal decimalog
decided decidag
decide decidig
deception trompog
decent decag
december decembrog
deceive trompig
deceit artifiko—ecog
decaying kadukag
decay kadukecog
decapitate senkapigig
decanter karafog
decant transverŝig
decalogue dekalogog
decadence kadukecog
debut komencog
debtor ŝuldantog
debt ŝuldog
debris rubo—aĵog
debit debitog
debility malfortecog
debauch diboĉog
debauch diboĉigig
debate disputog
debase malnobligig
debar eksigig
deathless senmortag
death mortog
dearth senecog
dear karag
dean fakultestrog
dealer komercistog
deafness surdecog
deafmute surdamutulog
deafen surdigig
deaf surdag
deadhouse mortintejog
deadly pereigag
deacon diakonog
dazzle blindigig
daze duonesvenigig
daydream revog
daybook taglibrog
daybreak tagiĝog
day tagog
dawn tagiĝog
dauntless sentimag
daunt timigig
daughter-in-law bofilinog
daughter filinog
daubing fuŝo—adog
daub fuŝig
dative dativog
date datig
dart sago
darning flikadog
darn flikig
darling karegulog
darkness mallumecog
darken mallumigig
dark mallumag
daring kuraĝa
dare kuraĝig
dangle pendetig
danger danĝerog
dandelion leontodog
dane danog
dandy dandog
dandle luletig
dance dancig
damsel fraŭlinog
damp malsekag
damn kondamnig
dame sinjorino
damask damaskog
damage difektaĵog
damage difektig
dam akvoŝtopilo
dam bestopatrinog
dally malfruig
dale valetog
daisy lekantog
dairy laktovendejog
dainty frandemag
dainty frandaĵog
daily ĉiutage
dahlia daliog
dagger ponardog
daffodil narcisog
dab batetog
czar carog
cypress cipresog
cymbal cimbalog
cylinder cilindrog
cyclone ciklonog
cycle ciklog
cutlet kotletog
cutlass tranĉilegog
cute ruzag
cutaneous haŭtag
customer klientog
customary kutimag
custom kutimog
custard flanaĵog
cushion kusenog
curve kurbecog
curve kurbigig
curtain kurtenog
curtail mallongigig
curt mallongag
curse malbenig
currier ledpretigistog
current fluog
currant ribog
curl buklog
curiosity kuriozaĵog
curb haltigig
curator kuratoro
curate vikarog
curacy paroĥog
curable kuraceblag
cupola kupolog
cupidity avidecog
cupboard ŝrankog
cup tasog
cunning ruzag
cunning ruzog
culture kulturog
cultivate kulturig
culprit kulpulog
culpable kulpag
cullender kribrilog
cull kolektig
cuirass kirasog
cuff manumog
cudgel bastonegog
cucumber kukumog
cuckoo kukolog
cube kubog
crystallise kristaligig
crystal kristalog
crypt subteraĵog
crutch lambastonog
crustaceous kankrogentag
crust krustog
crush premegig
crupper postaĵog
crumple ĉifig
crumble elfalig
cruiser krozŝipog
cruise krozig
cruet oleujog
cruelty kruelo—ecog
cruel kruelag
crude krudag
crucify krucumig
crucifixion krucumog
crucifix krucifiksog
crown kronig
crown kronog
crowd amasog
crow-bar levilog
crow blekig
crow kornikog
croup krupog
crossing krucigog
cross-out strekig
cross-over transirig
cross krucigig
cross krucog
crooked hoka
crocodile krokodilog
crockery fajencog
croak blekig
criticism kritikog
critic kritikistog
crisp frizag
crisis krizog
crippled kriplag
cripple kriplulog
cripple kripligig
crimson ruĝegag
criminally kriminaleg
criminal krimulog
crime krimog
crew maristarog
crevice fendo—aĵog
crest tufog
creole kreolog
creep rampig
creed kredog
credulity kredemog
creditor kreditorog
credit kreditog
credible kredeblag
credence kredog
creature estaĵog
creator kreintog
creation kreitaĵog
create kreig
cream kremog
crazy frenezag
crayon krajonog
crawl rampig
crave petegig
cravat kravatog
crater kraterog
crape krepog
crane ŝarĝlevilog
cram plenegigig
crafty ruzag
craft ruzog
cradle lulilog
crackle kraketig
crab kankrog
cozen trompig
coyness rezervecog
coy rezervag
coxcomb dandog
cowslip verprimolog
cowl kapuĉog
cowherd bovgardistog
cowardice malkuraĝecog
coward malkuraĝulog
cow bovinog
covey kovitarog
covetousness avidecog
covet avidig
cover kovrilog
cover kovrig
covenant interkonsentog
covenant kondiĉig
courtier kortegulog
courtesy ĝentilecog
courteous ĝentilag
court amindumig
courier kurierog
courage kuraĝog
couplet strofog
couple kunigig
couple parog
county graflandog
country-seat somerloĝog
country-house kampodomog
countryman kamparanog
country landog
counting-house kontorog
counterpart kontraŭpartog
counterpane litkovrilog
counterfeit falsaĵog
counterfeit falsig
counterfeit imitig
counter-bass kontrabasog
counteract malhelpig
countenance vizaĝog
count kalkulig
counsellor konsilantog
counsel konsilog
counsel advokatog
counsel konsilig
cough tusig
couch kuŝejog
cottage dometog
cot litetog
cosy komfortag
costume kostumog
costly multekostag
costiveness mallaksog
cost kostog
cosmography kosmografiog
cosmopolite kosmopolitag
cossack kozakog
cortege sekvantarog
corset korsetog
corse malvivulog
corsair korsarog
corsage korsaĵog
corruption putrog
corrupt putrigig
corrode mordetig
corridor koridorog
correspondence korespondadog
correspond korespondig
correctness korektecog
correction korektog
correct korektag
corpulent vastkorpag
corpse malvivulog
corporation korporaciog
corporal korpag
corporal korporalog
coronation kronadog
corolla kronetog
cornice kornicog
corner angulog
corned salitag
corn grenog
corkscrew korktirilog
cork ŝtopig
cork korkog
co-religionist samreligianog
core internaĵog
cordial korag
cordage ŝnuraĵog
cord ŝnurog
coral koralog
coquette koketulinog
coquetry koketecog
coquet koketig
copyist skribistog
copybook kajerog
copy ekzemplerog
copy kopiig
copse arbetarog
copious plena
copier kopiistog
copeck kopekog
co-operation kunhelpo—adog
cooper barelistog
coop kaĝigig
coop kaĝegog
coolness malvarmetog
cool malvarmetag
cool malvarmetigig
cookery kuiradog
cook kuirig
convulsion kunvulsiog
convulse konvulsiig
convoy veturilarog
convolvulus konvolvulog
convolution konvolvado—aĵog
convocation kunvokog
convince konvinkig
conviction kondamnog
convict kondamnatog
conveyance veturilog
convey alportig
convex malkavetag
conversely maleg
converse malag
converse interparoladig
conversation konversaciog
converge konvergig
conventional kutimag
convent monaĥinejog
convenient oportunag
convenience oportunecog
convene kunvokig
convalescence resaniĝog
contuse kontuzig
contumely malestimog
contumacy obstinecog
contumacious obstinemag
controversy disputadog
control kontrolig
contrive elpensig
contrivance elpensaĵog
contrition pento—ecog
contrite pentag
contribution depagog
contravention malobeog
contrast kontrastog
contrast kontrastig
contrary kontraŭag
contrariwise kontraŭeg
contradict kontraŭdirig
contractor entreprenistog
contract kuntiriĝig
contract kontraktog
contraband kontrabandog
contour konturog
contiguous apudag
contiguity apudecog
continence sindetenemog
contest disputog
contest disputig
contents enhavog
contentment kontentecog
contentious malpaculag
contention kontraŭstarog
contentedness kontentecog
content kontentigig
contend batalig
contemptible malestimag
contempt malestimog
contemporary samtempag
contemplate rigardadig
contemn malestimig
contaminate malpurigig
contain enhavig
contagious komunikeblag
contact kontaktog
consumption konsumiĝog
consummation plenigog
consummate plenigig
consumer konsumantog
consume konsumig
consultation konsiliĝog
consulate konsulejog
consul konsulog
construct konstruig
constraint devigog
constitutional konstituciag
constitution konstituciog
constipation mallaksog
consternation konsternog
constellation stelarog
constant konstantag
conspire konspirig
conspiracy konspirog
conspicuous videgeblag
consort kunulog
consonant unuformag
consolidate fortigig
consolation konsolog
console konsolig
consistory konsistoriog
consistent unuformag
consignment sendog
consign sendig
consideration konsiderog
considerable grandegag
consider pripensi
conservative konservativulog
consequential malmodestag
consequently sekveg
consequence sekvog
consent konsentig
consecutive intersekvag
consecrate dediĉig
conscientious konsciencag
conscience konsciencog
consanguineous samsangag
conquest venkog
conqueror venkantog
conquer venkig
connoisseur virtuozog
connections parencarog
connection kunigog
connect kunigig
conjurer ĵonglistog
conjure ĵonglig
conjure petegig
conjunction konjunkciog
conjugate konjugaciig
conjointly kuneg
conjoin kunig
conjecture konjektig
conical konusag
congress kongresog
congregation aŭdantarog
congregate kolektig
congratulation gratulog
congratulate gratulig
congestion sangalfluog
congeal firmigig
confute rifutig
confusion konfuzo—adog
confuse konfuzig
confront kontraŭstarigig
confrère kunfratog
confound konfuzegig
conformity konformecog
conformable konformag
conform konformig
confluence kunfluiĝog
conflict konfliktog
conflagration bruladog
confiscate konfisikig
confirmation certigog
confirm certigig
confine enfermig
confident konfidemag
confidence konfidenciog
confide konfidig
confession konfesog
confess konfesig
conference konferencog
confederation konfederaciog
confederate konfederig
confectioner konfitistog
cone konusog
conduit tubog
conductor kondukistog
conduct kondukig
condolence kondolencog
condole simpatii
conditionally kondiĉeg
condition kondiĉog
condescend bonvolig
condensed mallonga
condense densigig
condemnation kondamnog
condemn kondamnig
concussion skuegog
concur konsentig
concubine kromvirinog
concrete konkretag
concourse konkursog
concordat kontraktog
concordant unuvoĉag
concord konsentog
concise mallongag
conciliating pacemag
conciliate pacigig
concession cedo
concert koncertog
concerning prig
concern koncernig
concentric koncentrag
concentrate koncentrigig
conceive gravediĝig
conceited malmodestag
conceit malmodestecog
concede cedig
consecutive intersekvag
conceal kaŝig
concave kavetag
comrade kamaradog
compute kalkulig
computation kalkulog
compunction memriproĉog
compulsion devigog
compromise kompromisog
compromise kompromitig
comprise enhavig
compressible kunpremeblag
compress kunpremig
comprehension komprenecog
comprehensible kompreneblag
comprehend komprenig
compound kunmetig
composer verkistog
compose verkig
comply cedig
compliment komplimentig
complicity kunkulpecog
complication malsimplecog
complicate malsimpligig
compliant ceda—emag
complexion vizaĝkolorog
complex malsimplag
completely pleneg
complete plenigig
complement plennombrog
complaisance komplezog
complaint plendog
complainant plendantog
complacency komplezo
compile redaktig
competitor konkurantog
competition konkursog
competent kompetentag
compete konkurig
compensate kompensig
compend resumog
compend resumog
compel devigig
compatriot samlandanog
compassion kompatog
compass kompasog
compartment fakog
compare komparig
comparative komparag
company kompaniog
companion kunulog
compact densag
compact kontraktog
community komunumarog
communist komunistog
communism komunismog
communicative komunikemag
communicate komunikig
communicant komuniiĝantog
commune komunumog
commune mempensig
commotion konfuzog
commonwealth respublikog
commonly ordinareg
commoner malnobelo
common komunag
commodity komercaĵog
committee komitatog
commit farig
commissioner komisariog
commission komisiog
commission komisiig
commerce komercog
commentary komentariog
comment komentariig
commendation laŭdog
commend laŭdig
commence komencig
commemorate memorigig
commandment ordonog
commander komandorog
commandant komandantog
command ordonig
comma komog
coming venog
comic komika
comfort komfortog
comfort komfortig
comet kometog
comely gracia
comedy komediog
comedian komediantog
come venig
combustion bruladog
combustible bruleblag
combine kombinig
combatant batalantog
combat batalig
combat batalog
comb kombilog
comb kombig
column kolonog
colt ĉevalidog
colorless senkolorag
color kolorig
color kolorog
colossal kolosag
colony koloniog
colonnade kolonarog
colonize koloniigig
colonist koloniistog
colonial kolonianog
colonel kolonelog
colon dupunktog
collision interfrapog
colliery karbejog
collier karbfosistog
college kolegiog
collective opag
collection kolektog
collect kolektig
colleague kolegog
collation manĝetog
collar kolumog
collaboration kunlaboradog
collaborate kunlaborig
colic kolikog
coldness malvarmecog
cold malvarmog
colander kribrilog
coke koaksog
coincident samtempag
coincide koincidig
coin monerog
coil rulaĵo
coherence kunligog
cognomen alnomog
cogent videblag
coffin ĉerkog
coffer kestog
coffee-house kafejog
coffee kafog
coercion devigog
coerce devigig
coddle dorlotig
codicil kodicilog
code leĝarog
cod gadog
cocoa-nut kokosog
cocoa kakaog
cockerel kokidog
cobweb araneaĵog
cobalt kobaltog
coax logig
coat vestog
coast marbordog
coalition kuniĝog
coalesce kuniĝig
coal karbog
coachman veturigistog
coach-maker veturilfaristog
coach veturilog
clyster-pipe tubetog
clyster klisterog
clutch kapti
clumsy mallertag
clue postsignog
cloy satigig
clown ŝercemulog
clover trifoliog
clove kariofilog
cloud nubog
clothes vestaĵog
clothe vestig
close fermig
clod bulo—aĵog
clock-maker horloĝistog
clock horloĝog
cloak-room pakaĵejog
cloak mantelog
clipper tondistog
clink tintig
clinical klinikag
climb suprenrampig
climate klimatog
cliff krutaĵog
client klientog
cleverness lertecog
clever lertag
clergyman pastrog
clergy pastrarog
clement malseverag
clemency malseverecog
cleft fendog
cleaver fendilog
clearness klarecog
clear klarag
cleanse purigig
cleanliness purecog
clean purag
clean purigig
clay argilog
claw ungegog
clatter bruegadog
classify ordigig
class ordigig
class klasog
clasp prenig
clasp prenog
clarionet klarnetog
clarify klarigig
clap manfrapig
clank resonig
clandestine sekretag
clan gentog
clamour bruegog
clammy gluag
clamber suprenrampig
claimant pretendantog
claim pretendog
civilize civilizig
civilization civilizaciog
civility ĝentilecog
civilian nemilitag
civil civilag
civic urbag
city urbog
citron citronog
citizen urbanog
cite citig
citation citaĵog
citadel fortikaĵog
cistern akvujog
circus cirkog
circumstance cirkonstancog
circumspect singardemag
circumscribe ĉirkaŭskribig
circumlocution ĉirkaŭfrazog
circumference ĉirkaŭog
circulate ĉirkaŭirig
circular cirkulerog
circuit ĉirkaŭog
circlet rondetog
circle rondog
cipher nulog
cipher ciferog
cinnamon cinamog
cinnabar cinabrog
cinder cindrog
cigarette cigaredog
cigar-holder cigaringog
cigar cigarog
cider pomvinog
churn buterfarig
churn buterilog
church-yard preĝejkortog
church preĝejog
chrysanthemum krizantemog
chronology kronologiog
chronicle kronikog
christmas-box kristnaskdonog
christmas kristnaskog
christianity kristanismog
christian-name baptonomog
christian kristanog
christendom kristanarog
christen baptig
christ kristog
chorus ĥorarog
chorister ĥoristog
choral ĥorag
chopper hakilog
chop hakig
choose elektig
choleric kolerag
cholera ĥolerog
choler kolerog
choke sufokig
choir ĥorog
choice elektog
chocolate ĉokoladog
chivalry kavalirecog
chivalrous kavalirag
chisel ĉizilog
chisel ĉizig
chirp pepig
chink tintig
china porcelanog
china Ĥinujo
chin mentonog
chimney-sweep kamentubistog
chimney kamentubog
chimera ĥimerog
chime sonoriladog
chill malvarmog
chill malvarmigig
childishness infanaĵog
childish infanag
childhood infanecog
child infanog
chilblain frostabscesog
chignon harligaĵog
chiffonier ĉifonujog
chief ĉefag
chief ĉefog
chide riproĉig
chicory cikoriog
chicken-house kokejog
chicken kokidog
chicane ĉikanig
chew maĉig
chevalier kavalirog
chest brustog
chess-pieces ŝakojg
cherub kerubog
cherry ĉerizog
cheque ĉekog
chemistry ĥemiog
chemist-shop apotekog
chemist apotekistog
chemise ĉemizog
cheese fromaĝog
cheerfulness gajecog
cheerful gajag
cheer konsolig
cheer aplaŭdegig
cheekbone vangostog
cheek vangog
check kontraŭmarkig
cheat trompig
cheap malkarag
chatter babilig
chattels bienog
chat interparoletig
chasuble mesvestog
chastity ĉastecog
chastisement punog
chastise punig
chasten korektig
chaste ĉastag
chase ĉasog
chase ĉasig
charming ĉarmag
charm talismanog
charm ĉarmog
charm ĉarmig
charlatan ĉarlatanog
charity bonfaradog
charitable bonfaradag
chariot ĉarog
characterize karakterizig
character karakterog
char bruletig
chapter ĉapitrog
chaplain ekleziulog
chapel kapelog
chaotic ĥaosag
chaos ĥaosog
chant kantadog
channel kanalog
changeable ŝanĝeblag
change ŝanĝig
chandelier lustrog
chancellor kancelierog
chancel ĥorejog
chance hazardog
champion probatalantog
champagne ĉampanog
chamois-leather ŝamog
chamois ĉamog
chameleon kameleonog
chamberlain ĉambelanog
chambermaid ĉambristinog
chamber ĉambrog
chalky kretecag
chalk kretog
chalice kalikog
chaise veturiletog
chairman prezidantog
chair seĝog
chain ĉenog
chagrin ĉagrenog
chaffinch fringog
chaff pajlrestaĵog
cetaceous balenag
cession cedog
cessation ĉesadog
certitude certecog
certify atestig
certify certigig
certainty certecog
certainly certe
ceremony ceremoniog
ceremonious ceremoniag
century centjarog
centripetal alcentrokurag
centrifugal decentrokurag
centre-bit turnborilog
centre centrog
centralize alcentrigig
central meza
centimeter centimetrog
centime centimog
centigramme centigramog
centenarian centjarulog
cent cendog
censure cenzurig
censorious cenzurag
censor cenzuristog
censer bonodorfumilog
cemetery tombejog
cement cementog
cellular ĉelag
cellar kelog
celibacy fraŭlecog
celestial ĉielag
celery celeriog
celerity rapidecog
celebrated famag
ceiling plafonog
cede cedig
cedar cedrog
cease ĉesig
cavity kavo
cavil ĉikanig
caviare kaviarog
cave kavernog
cavalry kavaleriog
cavalier rajdantog
cavalcade rajdantarog
cautious singardemag
caution singardemog
caution avertig
cauterize kaŭterizig
cause igig
cause kaŭzig
cause kaŭzog
cauliflower florbrasikog
cauldron kaldronog
caudal vostag
cattle-pen bestejog
cattle bestarog
catholic katolikog
cathedral katedrog
caterpillar raŭpog
cater provizig
category kategoriog
catechist kateĥistog
catechism kateĥismog
catechise kateĥizig
catch kaptig
catarrh katarog
catalogue katalogog
catalepsy katalepsiog
catafalque katafalkog
cat katog
casuality okazecog
casually okazeg
casual okazag
castration kastrog
castrate kastrig
castle kastelog
cast-iron ferfandaĵog
casting fandaĵog
caster radetog
castellan kastelestrog
castaway forĵetulog
casket skatoletog
cask barelog
cashier kasistog
cash monog
casement kazematog
cascade kaskadog
cartwright veturilfaristog
cartridge-box kartoĉujog
cartridge kartoĉog
cartilage kartilagog
carter veturigistog
cart ŝarĝoveturilog
cart veturigig
carry portig
carrot karotog
carrion mortintaĵog
carriage veturilog
carpet tapiŝog
carpenter ĉarpentistog
carp karpog
carousal karuselog
caricature karikaturig
carnivorous viandomanĝantag
carnival karnavalog
carnage buĉadog
carmine karminog
carman veturigistog
cargo ŝarĝog
caress karesog
caress karesig
careless senzorgag
careful zorgag
care zorgog
cardinal kardinalog
cardboard kartonog
card kartog
carbuncle karbunkolog
carbon karbonog
caravan karavanog
carat karatog
carafe karafog
carabine karabenog
car ĉarog
capuche kapuĉog
capture prenog
captivity malliberecog
captive malliberag
captive malliberulog
capsize renversiĝig
caprice kapricog
capon kaponog
capitulation kapitulacog
capitulate kapitulacig
capitalist kapitalistog
cape promontorog
capacity enhaveblecog
capacious vastag
capable kapablag
capability kapablecog
cap ĉapog
canvass subpostulig
canvas kanvasog
canton kantonog
canto versarog
canticle himnog
canter galopetig
canteen drinkejog
cant hipokritog
canopy baldakenog
canon kanonog
cannonade pafilegado
cannon pafilegog
cannibal hommanĝulog
canker mordetig
canine hunag
cane vergig
cane kanog
candy kandog
candlestick kandelingog
candle kandelog
candidature kandidatecog
candidate aspirantog
candid naivag
candid simplanimag
candelabrum kandelabrog
canary kanariog
canal kanalog
camphor kamforog
campaign militirog
camp tendarog
camomile kamomilog
camisole kamizolog
camelia kameliog
camel kamelog
calumny kalumniog
calumniate kalumniig
calmness kvietecog
calm trankvilag
calm kvietag
calm kvietigig
callosity kalog
callous kalag
calling profesiog
call vokog
call vokig
calk kalfatrig
calico kalikotog
calibre kalibrog
calf bovidog
calendar kalendarog
caldron kaldronog
calculation kalkulog
calculate kalkulig
calcine pulvorigig
cake kukog
cajoler delogistog
cage kaĝog
cadet kadetog
cadence kadencog
cacophony malbonsonecog
cackle pepegig
cable ŝnuregog
cabinet-making meblofaradog
cabinet-maker meblistog
cabin kajuto
cabbage brasikog
cabal kabalog
cab fiakrog
buy aĉetig
button-hole butontruog
button butonog
button-hook butonumilog
butterfly papiliog
butter buterog
butler kelistog
butcher buĉistog
but sedg
busy okupag
bustle movo—adog
bust bustog
business-man aferistog
buskin duonbotog
bushel buŝelog
bush arbetaĵog
burrow kavigig
burnish polurig
burial enteriĝog
burglar domorabistog
burgess burgog
burdensome multepezag
burden ŝargig
burden ŝarĝog
buoyant naĝemag
buoy naĝbarelog
bungle fuŝig
bung ŝtopilog
bundle faskog
bun bulkog
bumper plenglasog
bump ĝibetog
bulwark remparog
bullfinch pirolog
bulletin noto
bullet kuglog
bull bovovirog
bulky multdikag
bulk dikecog
bulgarian bulgarog
bulb bulbog
build konstruig
bug cimog
buffoon ŝercemulog
buffet frapig
buffer ŝtopilog
buffalo bubalog
bud burĝonog
buckwheat poligonog
buckler ŝildog
buckle bukog
bucket sitelog
buccaneer marrabistog
brute brutog
brutal brutag
brush brosog
bruit bruegog
bruise kontuzig
brownish dubebrunag
brown brunag
brougham kaleŝog
brotherly fratag
brotherhood fratecog
brother fratog
broth buljonog
brook riveretog
brooch broĉog
bronchial bronkag
bronchitis bronkitog
bromine bromog
brokerage maklerog
broker makleristog
broil rostig
brochure broŝurog
broad larĝag
broach trapikig
brittle facilrompag
bristle haregog
briskness rapidecog
briny salag
brink randog
bring alkondukig
brine peklakvog
brimful plenpotag
brilliant brilag
brightness brilog
brighten briligig
brigandage rabadog
brigand rabistog
brigade brigadog
brief mallongag
bridle bridog
bridge pontog
bride novedzinog
brick brikog
bribe subaĉetig
brewery bierfarejog
brewer bierfaristog
brew bierfarig
brevity mallongecog
breeze ventetog
breeches pantalonog
breathing spiradog
breathe spirig
breath elspiraĵog
breast mamog
breast brustog
bream bramog
breakfast matenmanĝig
break rompig
breadth larĝecog
bread panog
breach breĉog
brazen bronzag
brawny muskolag
brawl malpacegog
bravery bravecog
brave bravulog
brave bravag
brasier fajrujog
brandy brandog
brandish svingig
bran branog
brain cerbog
braggart fanfaronulog
bray fanfaronig
brackish saletag
bracket tabletog
braces ŝelkog
bracelet ĉirkaŭmanog
brace parog
boy knabog
box pugnebatig
box kestog
bowl pelvog
bower laŭbog
bowels internaĵog
bow pafarkog
bow salutog
bow salutig
bourn limog
bouquet bukedog
bountiful malavarag
bounden devigag
boundary limog
bound saltog
bound saltig
bounce saltig
boulder ŝtonegog
bouillon buljonog
bough branĉog
bottom malsuprog
bottom fundog
bottle botelog
bother enuig
both ambaŭg
botany botanikog
bosom brustog
borne portitag
borax boraksog
booty akiraĵog
bootmaker botistog
bootless neprofitag
booth budog
boot botog
boorish maldelikatag
boon bonfaro
booming sonadog
boom sonig
bookseller libristog
book-keeper librotenistog
book librog
booby simplanimulog
bonus liberdonacog
bonny beletag
bonnet ĉapog
bone ostog
bondservant servutulog
bondman vasalog
bondage servutog
bonbon bombonog
bombard bombardig
bomb bombog
bolt riglilog
bolt riglig
bolster kapkusenog
boldness maltimog
bold maltimag
boisterous perfortag
boiler bolegilog
boil bolig
bohemian bohemog
bog marĉegog
body korpog
bobbin bobenog
boat-race ŝipkuradog
boat-hook hokstangog
boatman boatistog
boat boatog
boaster fanfaronulog
boast fanfaronog
boast fanfaronig
boarding-house loĝantejog
board loĝig
boar porkvirog
boa boaog
bluster fanfaronig
blush ruĝiĝig
blur malpurigig
blunt malakrag
blunder eraregog
bluish dubebluag
blue bluag
bludgeon bastonegog
blouse kitelog
blow blovig
blotch skabiog
blot makulog
blossom florig
bloom florig
bloodvessel sangvejnog
bloodshed sangverŝo—adog
blood sangog
blond blondag
blockhead malsaĝulog
blockade blokadog
bloat ŝvelig
blithe gajag
blister vezikog
bliss feliĉegecog
blind-alley senelirejog
blindness blindecog
blind blindag
blight velkigig
blessing beno—adog
bless benig
blend miksig
blemish makulog
bleat blekig
bleach blankigig
blaze flamegig
blast blovegog
blaspheme blasfemig
blanket lankovrilog
bland afablag
blanch paliĝig
blame mallaŭdig
blamable mallaŭdindag
bladder vezikog
blacksmith forĝistog
blackish dubenigrag
blacking cirog
blackguard sentaŭgulog
blacken nigrigig
blackbird merlog
black nigrag
blab babilig
bivouac bivakog
bitumen terpeĉog
bitters vermutog
bitter akra—emag
bite mordig
bismuth bismutog
bishop episkopog
bisect bisekciig
biscuit biskvitog
birthday naskotagog
birth naskiĝog
bird birdog
biped dupiedulog
biology biologiog
biography biografiog
bind-weed lianog
bind ligig
bin grenkestog
billow ondegog
billiards bilardog
billiard-ball globog
billhook branĉhakiletog
bill-poster afiŝistog
bilious galag
bile galog
bilberry mirtelog
bigotry fanatikecog
bigot fanatikulog
bigamy bigamiog
big grandag
bifurcation disduiĝog
bide atendig
bidding invitog
bicycle biciklog
bicker disputig
biblical bibliag
bible bibliog
biassed partiag
beyond preterg
bewitchment ensorĉog
bewitch ensorĉig
bewilder konfuzig
bewail ploregig
beverage trinkaĵog
between interg
betrothing fianĉiĝog
betroth fianĉigig
betray perfidig
betimes frueg
bet vetog
bet vetig
bestow donacig
bestial bestag
besot bestiĝig
besiege sieĝig
besides kromg
beside apudg
beset ĉirkaŭig
beseech petegig
berry berog
bequest heredaĵog
bequeath testamentig
benumb rigidigig
bent kurbag
benevolence bonfarog
benefit profitog
beneficial profitag
benefactor bonfaristog
benediction benog
beneath subg
bend fleksig
belt zonog
belong apartenig
belly ventrog
bellows blovilog
bellow blekegig
belle belulinog
belladonna beladonog
bell sonorilog
believe kredig
belief kredog
belie kalumniig
belgium belgujog
belgian belgog
belfry sonorilejog
belch ruktig
belabour bategig
being estaĵog
behoof profitog
beholder rigardantog
behold rigardig
behead senkapigig
behaviour kondutog
behave kondutig
behalf partog
beguile amuzig
begin ek
beggary almozpetog
beggar almozulog
beforehand antaŭeg
befitting decag
befall okazig
beetle skarabog
beer bierog
beef bovaĵog
beech-tree fagog
beehive abelujog
bee abelog
bedstead kuŝejog
bedroom dormoĉambrog
bedding litaĵog
bed litog
becoming konvena
become iĝi
beckon signodonig
bearer kastorog
beauty belecog
beautiful belag
beau koketulog
beatitude feliĉegecog
beat batig
beastly brutag
bearer alportantog
beardless senbarbag
beard barbog
bearable tolereblag
bean fabog
beak bekog
beadle pedelog
bead globetog
beacon lumturog
beach marbordog
be estig
bazaar bazarog
bayonet bajonetog
bawl kriegig
bauble bagatelog
battledore pilkraketog
battle batalog
battalion batalionog
bath banilog
bastion bastionog
baste surverŝig
bastard bastardog
basket korbog
basis fundamentog
basin pelvog
bashful modestag
baseness perfidecog
basement subetaĝog
baseless senfundamentag
basely perfideg
base fundamentog
basalt bazaltog
barytone baritonog
barter interŝanĝig
barrow puŝveturilog
barrister advokatog
barrier barilog
barricade barikadog
barrenness senfruktecog
barren senfruktag
barrel-organ gurdog
barrel barelog
barrack soldatejog
baron baronog
barometer barometrog
barn garbejog
barm feĉog
barley hordeog
barge ŝarĝbarkog
bargain marĉandig
barefoot nudpiedeg
bare nudag
bard bardog
barber barbirog
barbarism barbarismog
barbarian barbarog
bar barig
baptize baptig
baptism baptog
banter mokig
banquet festenog
banns edziĝanoncog
banner flago
bankrupt bankrotog
banker bankierog
baneful pereigag
bane pereigog
bandit malbonulo
bandage bandaĝig
banana bananog
bamboo bambuog
balustrade balustradog
balsam balzamog
balm-mint melisog
balm balzamog
ballot voĉdonig
balloon aerostatog
ballet baletog
ballast balastog
ballad baladog
balk malhelpig
baleful pereigag
bale pakegog
baldness senharecog
bald senharag
balcony balkonog
balance-sheet bilancog
baker panisto
bake bakig
bait allogaĵog
bail garantiaĵog
baggage pakaĵog
bag sakog
badger melog
badge simbolog
bacon lardog
backslider rekulpulog
backbone spinog
backbite kalumniig
bachelor fraŭlog
baby infanetog
baboon pavianog
babe infanetog
babble babilig
azure lazurog
azote azotog
axiom aksiomog
axle-tree aksog
axle aksog
axis aksog
axe hakilog
awry malrektag
awning sunŝirmilegog
awl boriletog
awkward mallerta
awful terurag
awe teruro
away malproksimeg
award aljuĝig
awaken vekig
awake vekig
await atendig
avowal konfesog
avow konfesig
avoid evitig
avid avidag
avidity avidecog
avert deturnig
aversion antipatio
averse antipatia
avenue aleog
avenge venĝig
avaricious avarag
avarice avarecog
avalanche lavangog
auxiliary helpanto
autumn aŭtunog
automobile aŭtomobilog
automatic aŭtomatag
autocrat aŭtokratog
authority aŭtoritatog
author aŭtorog
authenticate verigig
authentic vera
austrian aŭstrog
australia aŭstraliog
austerity severmorecog
austerely severmoreg
austere severmorag
auspicious favorag
auspices aŭspiciojg
auscultate subaŭskultig
auriferous orhavag
aureola aŭreolog
aunt onklinog
august noblag
augment plimultigi
auger borilegog
auditorium aŭskultejog
audit kontekzamenig
audacity maltimegog
audacious maltimegag
attractive ĉarmag
attraction logaĵog
attract altirig
attorney advokatog
attitude sintenadog
attire vestaĵog
attic tegmentĉambrog
attestation atestog
attest atestig
attentive atentag
attention atentog
attempt atencog
attempt atencig
attainment akirog
attain atingig
attack atakig
attack atakog
attachment alligog
attach alligig
atrophy atrofiog
atrocity kruelegog
atrocious kruelegag
atonement rebonigog
atone rebonigig
atomism atomismog
atom atomog
atmosphere atmosferog
atlas landkartarog
athlete atletog
athletic atletag
atheism ateismog
atheist ateistog
at ĉe
asylum rifuĝejog
asunder aparteg
astute ruzag
astronomy astronomiog
astronomer astronomiistog
astrology astrologiog
astrologer astrologiistog
astringent kuntirag
astral astrag
astound miregig
astonishment mirog
astonishing mirag
astonish mirigig
asterisk steletog
assure certigig
assume supozig
assuage dolĉigig
association societog
associate kunulog
assistant-master submajstrog
assistant helpantog
assistance helpog
assist helpig
assimilate similigig
assignment asignog
assign asignig
assiduous diligentag
assessment taksog
assess taksig
assert certigig
assent konsenti
assembly kunveno
assemble kunveni
assay provog
assault atakog
assassin mortigantog
assailant atakantog
assail atakig
ass azenog
aspire celig
aspirant aspirantog
aspirate elspirig
asphyxia asfiksiog
asphalte asfaltog
asperse kalumniig
aspen tremolog
aspect vidiĝog
asparagus asparagog
asp aspidog
asleep dormanta
ask demandig
aside aparteg
asiatic azianog
asia aziog
ashpan cindrujog
ashes cindrog
ascertain certiĝig
ascent suprenirog
ascension supreniradog
ascend suprenirig
as—as tiel—kielg
as kielg
artlessness naivecog
artless simplanima
artist artistog
artisan metiistog
artillery artileriog
artificial artefaritag
artifice artifikog
articulate elparolig
article artikolog
artichoke artiŝokog
arthritic artritulog
artful ruzag
artery arteriog
art artog
arson brulkrimog
arsenic arsenikog
arsenal armilejog
arrow sagog
arrogant arogantag
arrogance arogantecog
arrival alvenog
arrest arestig
arrant famag
arrange aranĝig
arraign kulpigig
arpeggio arpeĝog
arouse vekig
aromatic aromag
aroma aromog
arnica arnikog
army-corps korpusog
armpit subbrakog
armoury armilejog
armourer armilfaristog
armour armaĵog
armorials insignog
armlet ĉirkaŭbrakog
armistice interpacog
armchair seĝegog
armament armilarog
ark ŝipegog
arithmetic aritmetikog
aristocrat aristokratog
aristocracy aristokratarog
arise leviĝig
aright boneg
arid sekag
argument argumentog
argue argumentig
areopagus aeropagog
arena arenog
arduous laboregag
ardour fervorog
ardent fervorag
arctic arktikag
archives arĥivog
architecture arĥitekturog
architect arĥitekturistog
archipelago insularog
archer pafarkistog
archduke arĥidukog
archbishop ĉefepiskopog
archæology arĥeologiog
archangel ĉefanĝelog
arch arkefleksig
arch arkog
arcade arkadog
arc arkog
arbour laŭbog
arbitration arbitraciog
arbitrate arbitraciig
arbitrary arbitrag
arable plugeblag
arab arabog
aqueous akvag
aqueduct akvokondukog
aquatic akvag
aptly kapableg
aptitude kapablecog
apt kapablag
apron antaŭtukog
april aprilog
apricot abrikotog
approve aprobig
approval aprobog
approbation aprobog
approach proksimiĝig
apprise sciigi
apprenticeship lernadog
apprentice lernantog
appreciate ŝatig
appraise taksig
apportion lotumi
appointment elektog
application atentog
appliance aparatog
apple pomog
applause aplaŭdo—adog
applaud aplaŭdig
appetite apetitog
appetising apetitdonag
appendix aldonog
appendage aldonaĵog
append aldonig
appease pacigig
appear ŝajnig
appeal alvokig
apparition aperog
apparent videblag
apparel vestog
apparatus aparatog
appal terurigig
apotheosis apoteozog
apothecary's apotekog
apothecary apotekistog
apostrophize alparolig
apostrophe apostrofog
apostolic apostolag
apostle apostolog
apoplexy apopleksiog
apology apologiog
apologue apologog
apogee apogeog
apocryphal apokrifag
apish simiag
apiary abelejog
apex pinto
aperture malfermaĵog
aperient laksiletog
ape simiog
apathy apatiog
apathetic apatiag
apartment ĉambrog
apart aparteg
apace rapideg
aorta aortog
anywhere ieg
anything iog
anyone's iesg
anyone iug
anyhow ielg
anybody iug
any iag
anxious maltrankvilag
anxiety maltrankvilecog
anvil ambosog
antler kornbranĉog
antiquity antikvecog
antique antikvag
antiquated antikvag
antiquary antikvistog
antipodes antipodojg
antipathy antipatiog
antimony antimonog
antidote kontraŭvenenog
anticipate antaŭvidig
antichrist antikristog
anthropology antropologiog
ant-hill formikejog
anthem antemo
anteroom antaŭĉambrog
anterior antaŭag
antelope antilopog
antedate antaŭdatumig
antechamber antaŭĉambrog
antecedents antaŭaĵog
antarctic antarktikag
antagonist kontraŭulog
ant formikog
answer respondig
anonymous anonimag
anomaly anomaliog
anointing ŝmiro
anoint ŝmirig
annunciation anunciaciog
annular ringformag
annul nuligig
annuity jarpagog
annoyance ĉagreno
annoy ĉagrenig
announcement anoncog
announce anoncig
annotate notig
anniversary datrevenog
annihilate neniigig
annexation kunigog
annex kunigig
annals historiog
ankle maleolog
anisette anizlikvorog
aniseed anizog
animosity malamikecog
animation vivecog
animating vivigag
animated vivigitag
animate vivigig
animal bestog
angular angulag
anguish doloregog
angler fiŝkaptistog
angling fiŝkaptadog
anger kolerigig
anger kolerog
angelic anĝelag
angel anĝelog
anew ankoraŭ
anecdote rakontetog
and kajg
ancient antikvag
anchorite dezertulog
anchor ankrog
ancestors praavoj
anatomy anatomiog
anarchy anarĥiog
analyze analizig
analysis analizog
analogy analogiog
anagram anagramog
amuse amuzig
amulet talismanog
amputate detranĉig
amplitude ampleksog
amplify grandigig
ample sufiĉag
amphora amforog
amphitheatre amfiteatrog
amphibious amfibiag
amount sumog
amorous amemag
amongst interg
among interg
ammonia amoniakog
amity amikecog
amidst mezeg
amid mezeg
amicably paceg
amiable afabla
amiability amindecog
american amerikanog
america amerikog
amend reformig
ameliorate plibonigig
ambush embuskig
ambuscade embuskog
ambrosia ambroziog
amble trotetig
ambitious ambiciag
ambition ambiciog
ambiguous dusencag
amber sukcenog
ambassador ambasadorog
amazon rajdantinog
amazing mirigag
amazement miregog
amaze miregigig
amateur nemetiistog
amass amasigig
amanuensis skribistog
amalgamation unuigog
amalgamate unuigig
amalgam amalgamog
always ĉiamg
alum alunog
altogether tuteg
alto aldog
altitude altog
although kvankamg
althea alteog
alternative elektecog
alternate alternig
altercation malpacog
alteration aliigog
alter aliigig
altar altarog
also ankaŭg
already jamg
alps alpojg
alphabet alfabetog
aloud laŭteg
alone sola
aloft supreg
aloes aloog
almshouse maljunulejog
alms almozog
almond migdalog
almost preskaŭg
almighty ĉiopovag
almanac almanakog
ally interligig
alluvial akvemetitag
allusion aludog
allurement logog
allure logig
allude aludig
all-powerful ĉiopovag
allow permesig
allotment lotaĵog
allot lotumig
allocution paroladetog
alliance interligog
alley aleo
alleviate dolĉigig
allegory alegoriog
allegiance fidelecog
allege pretendig
allay trankviligi
alkali alkaliog
alive vivag
alimony nutramonog
aliment manĝaĵog
alike similag
alien alilandulog
alias alieg
algebra algebrog
alert viglag
ale bierog
alcove alkovog
alcoholism alkoholismog
alcoholic alkoholag
alcohol alkoholog
alchemy alĥemiog
albumen albumenog
album albumog
albeit kvankamg
alarm maltrankviligig
alacrity rapidecog
alabaster alabastrog
akin parencag
ajar duonfermitag
aisle flankaĵog
airhole fenestretog
airballoon aerostatog
air aerumig
ailment malsanog
ail malsanig
aide-de-camp adjutantog
aid helpog
ahead antaŭeg
ague febretog
agronomy agronomiog
agriculturist terkulturistog
agriculture terkulturog
agreement interkonsentog
agreeable agrablag
agree konsentig
agony agoniog
agonize agoniig
ago antaŭg
agitate agitig
agile facilmovag
aghast teruregag
aggressor atakantog
aggression atakog
aggravate plimalbonigig
aggrandisement pligrandigog
aggrandize pligrandigig
agent agentog
agenda memorlibrog
agency agentecog
aged maljunag
age aĝog
agate agatog
against kontraŭg
again reeg
afterwards posteg
afternoon posttagmezog
aftermath postfojnog
after postg
afraid timigitag
afloat flose
affront insultog
affright timigig
affray batiĝog
affluent riĉegag
affluence riĉecog
afflict malĝojigig
affix afiksog
affirmative jesag
affirmation certigo
affirmation atestog
affiliate aligi
affectionately amindeg
affectionate amindag
affection afektecog
affair aferog
affability afablecog
affable afablag
afar malproksimeg
aeronaut aerveturantog
aerolite aerolitog
aerial aerag
advocate defendig
advise konsilig
advice konsilog
advertisement anoncog
advertise anoncig
adversity kontraŭecog
adverse kontraŭag
adversary kontraŭulog
adverb adverbog
advent adventog
advantageous utila
advantage utilo
advancement progresog
advance antaŭenirig
adultery adultog
adulterate falsig
adult plenkreskag
adult plenkreskulog
adulation adulacio
adroitness lertecog
adroit lertag
adorn ornamig
adore adorig
adopt alprenig
adolescent junulog
adolescence junecog
admonition admonog
admonish admonig
admit allasig
admissible permeseblag
admission allasog
admire admirig
admiration admirog
admiral admiralog
admirable admirindag
administration administraciog
administer administrig
adjust aranĝi
adjure petegig
adjudge aljuĝig
adjourn prokrastig
adjoining apudag
adjective adjektivog
adjacent apudag
adieu adiaŭg
adhesive gluag
adhesion aliĝog
adherent aliĝulog
adhere aliĝig
adequate sufiĉag
adept adeptog
adduce prezentig
address adresig
addled senfruktag
additional aldonag
addition aldonog
adder kolubrog
addendum aldonog
adaptation alfaradog
adapt alfarig
adage proverbog
acuteness sagacecog
acute akrag
acumen sagacecog
actuated incititag
actuality nuneco
actual realag
actor aktorog
activity aktivecog
act agig
across transg
acrobat ekvilibristog
acrimonious akretemag
acrid acidag
acquisition akiraĵog
acquirement akirog
acquire akirig
acquiesce konsentig
acquaintance konatog
acquaint sciigig
acoustics akustikog
acorn glanog
aconite akonitog
acknowledgment konfesog
acknowledge konfesig
acidulous acidetag
acidity acidecog
acid acidog
acid acidag
achievement elfarog
achieve plenumig
ache dolorog
acetous acidag
acerbity acidecog
ace asog
accuse kulpigig
accusative akuzativog
accusation kulpigog
accursed malbenag
accurate akuratag
accuracy akuratecog
accumulation amasog
accumulate amasigig
accrue kreskiĝig
accounts kalkularog
account rakontog
accouchement akuŝog
accord konsentog
accomplishment talentog
accomplish plenumig
accomplice kunkulpulog
accompany akompanig
accommodate alfarig
acclivity suprenirog
acclimatize alklimatigig
acclamation aplaŭdegog
accessory kunhelpantog
accession plimultigog
access alirog
acceptation akceptog
acceptance akceptaĵog
acceptable akcepteblag
accept akceptig
accentuate akcentegig
accent akcentog
accent akcentig
accelerate akcelig
accede konsentig
academy akademiog
academic akademiag
acacia akaciog
abyss profundegaĵog
abuse trouzog
abuse trouzig
abundance sufiĉegog
absurdity absurdog
absurd absurdag
abstracted abstraktag
abstract abstraktig
abstinent detenemag
abstinence detenog
abstemious sobremag
absorption sorbog
absorb sorbig
absolve senkulpigig
absolution senkulpigog
absolutely absoluteg
absolute absolutag
absence foresto—adog
abscess abscesog
abrupt subitag
abroad eksterlandeg
abridgement resumog
abridge mallongigig
abound sufiĉegig
abomination abomenog
abominable abomenag
abolish neniigig
abode loĝejog
aboard en
abnegation memforgesog
ablative ablativog
abjure malkonfesi
abject humilegag
ability talentog
ability lertecog
abide loĝi
abhorrence malamegog
abhor malamegig
abet kunhelpig
aberration spiritvagadog
abed liteg
abduction forrabog
abduct forrabig
abdomen ventrog
abbreviate mallongigig
abbot abatog
abbey abatejog
abash hontigig
abandon forlasig
